Confidence in the pound is widely expected to take another sharp dive if trade figures for September , due for release tomorrow , fail to show a substantial improvement from July and August 's near-record deficits . 
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's restated commitment to a firm monetary policy has helped to prevent a freefall in sterling over the past week . 
But analysts reckon underlying support for sterling has been eroded by the chancellor 's failure to announce any new policy measures in his Mansion House speech last Thursday . 
This has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 16 % from their current 15 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say . 
`` The risks for sterling of a bad trade figure are very heavily on the down side , '' said Chris Dillow , senior U.K. economist at Nomura Research Institute . 
`` If there is another bad trade number , there could be an awful lot of pressure , '' noted Simon Briscoe , U.K. economist for Midland Montagu , a unit of Midland Bank PLC . 
Forecasts for the trade figures range widely , but few economists expect the data to show a very marked improvement from the # 2 billion -LRB- $ 3.2 billion -RRB- deficit in the current account reported for August . 
The August deficit and the # 2.2 billion gap registered in July are topped only by the # 2.3 billion deficit of October 1988 . 
Sanjay Joshi , European economist at Baring Brothers & Co. , said there is no sign that Britain 's manufacturing industry is transforming itself to boost exports . 
At the same time , he remains fairly pessimistic about the outlook for imports , given continued high consumer and capital goods inflows . 
He reckons the current account deficit will narrow to only # 1.8 billion in September . 
However , Mr. Dillow said he believes that a reduction in raw material stockbuilding by industry could lead to a sharp drop in imports . 
Combined with at least some rebound in exports after August 's unexpected decline , the deficit could narrow to as little as # 1.3 billion . 
Mr. Briscoe , who also forecasts a # 1.3 billion current account gap , warns that even if the trade figures are bullish for sterling , the currency wo n't advance much because investors will want to see further evidence of the turnaround before adjusting positions . 
Nevertheless , he noted , `` No one will want to go into the trade figures without a flat position '' in the pound . 
Meanwhile , overall evidence on the economy remains fairly clouded . 
In his Mansion House speech , Mr. Lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect . 
U.K. base rates are at their highest level in eight years . 
But consumer expenditure data released Friday do n't suggest that the U.K. economy is slowing that quickly . 
The figures show that spending rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago . 
This compares with a 1.6 % rise in the second from the first quarter and a 5.4 % increase from the second quarter of 1988 . 
Mr. Dillow said the data show the economy `` is still quite strong , '' but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises . 
Certainly , the chancellor has made it clear that he is prepared to increase interest rates again if necessary to both ensure that a substantial slowdown does take place and that sterling does n't decline further . 
Thursday , he reminded his audience that the government `` can not allow the necessary rigor of monetary policy to be undermined by exchange rate weakness . '' 
Analysts agree there is little holding sterling firm at the moment other than Mr. Lawson 's promise that rates will be pushed higher if necessary . 
And , they warn , any further drop in the government 's popularity could swiftly make this promise sound hollow . 
Sterling was already showing some signs of a lack of confidence in Mr. Lawson 's promise Friday . 
In European trading it declined to $ 1.5890 and 2.9495 marks from $ 1.5940 and 2.9429 marks late Thursday . 
Economists suggested that if the pound falls much below 2.90 marks , the government will be forced to increase rates to 16 % , both to halt any further decline and ensure that the balance of monetary policy remains unchanged . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
The dollar posted gains in quiet trading as concerns about equities abated . 
Foreign exchange dealers said that the currency market has begun to distance itself from the volatile stock exchange , which has preoccupied the market since Oct. 13 , when the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged more than 190 points . 
Currency analysts predict that in the coming week the foreign exchange market will shift its focus back to economic fundamentals , keeping a close eye out for any signs of monetary easing by U.S. Federal Reserve . 
Late in the New York trading day , the dollar was quoted at 1.8578 marks , up from 1.8470 marks late Thursday in New York . 
The U.S. currency was also changing hands at 142.43 yen , up from 141.70 yen in New York late Thursday . 
In Tokyo on Monday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.95 yen , up from Friday 's Tokyo close of 141.35 yen . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367.30 an ounce , up 20 cents . 
Estimated volume was a light 2.4 million ounces . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 366.50 an ounce . 
East Rock Partners Limited Partnership said it proposed to acquire A.P. Green Industries Inc. for $ 40 a share . 
In an Oct. 19 letter to A.P. Green 's board , East Rock said the offer is subject to the signing of a merger agreement by no later than Oct. 31 . 
The letter , attached to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , said the approval is also contingent upon obtaining satisfactory financing . 
An A.P. Green official declined to comment on the filing . 
The $ 40-a-share proposal values the company at about $ 106.6 million . 
A.P. Green currently has 2,664,098 shares outstanding . 
Its stock closed at $ 38 , up $ 1.875 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
The company is a Mexico , Mo. , maker of refractory products . 
East Rock also said in the filing that it boosted its stake in A.P. Green to 8.7 % . 
It now holds 233,000 A.P. Green common shares , including 30,000 shares bought last Thursday for $ 35.50 to $ 36.50 a share . 
New York-based John Kuhns and Robert MacDonald control East Rock Partners Inc. , the sole general partner of East Rock Partners L.P . 
The sole limited partner of the partnership is Westwood Brick Lime Inc. , an indirect subsidiary of Westwood Group Inc . 
Both Westwood Brick and Westwood Group are based in Boston . 
Freight rates , declining for most of the decade because of competition spurred by deregulation , are bottoming out , turning upward and threatening to fuel inflation . 
Trucking , shipping and air-freight companies have announced rate increases , scheduled for this fall or early next year , reflecting higher costs and tightened demand for freight transport . 
Major shippers say they expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years . 
That 's a big change from recent years when freight haulage was a bright spot for U.S. productivity , helping to restrain inflation and make U.S. industry more competitive abroad . 
`` Demand has caught up with the supply of certain types of freight transportation , and rates are starting to move up '' at a rate `` close to or slightly more than the inflation rate , '' said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co . 
Shippers surveyed recently by Ohio State University said they expect their freight-transport , storage and distribution costs to rise about 4 % this year . 
Only 10 % of the 250 shippers polled expected their freight-transport costs to decrease , compared with 30 % who had looked to freight transport to reduce costs in past years . 
`` This is the first year since transportation deregulation in 1980 that we have had such a dramatic and broad-based upturn in perceived transportation rates , '' said Bernard LaLonde , a transportation logistics professor at Ohio State in Columbus . 
The deregulation of railroads and trucking companies that began in 1980 enabled shippers to bargain for transportation . 
Carriers could use their equipment more efficiently , leading to overcapacity they were eager to fill . 
Shippers cut about $ 35 billion from their annual , inter-city truck and rail costs , to about $ 150 billion , or about 6.4 % of gross national product , down from 8 % of GNP in 1981 . 
But with much of the inefficiency squeezed out of the freight-transport system , rising costs are likely to be reflected directly in higher freight rates . 
`` Shippers are saying ` the party 's over , ' '' said Mr. LaLonde . 
`` Shippers wo n't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years . 
Transport rates wo n't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy . '' 
Robert Delaney , a consultant at Arthur D. Little Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , said `` We 've gotten all the benefits of deregulation in freight-cost reductions . 
Now we are starting to see real freight-rate increases as carriers replace equipment , pay higher fuel costs and pay more for labor . 
You 'll see carriers try to recoup some of the price cutting that occurred previously . '' 
Not everyone believes that the good times are over for shippers . 
`` There 's still a lot of pressure on rates in both rail and truck , '' said Gerard McCullough , lecturer in transportation at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
Less-than-truckload companies , which carry the freight of several shippers in each truck trailer , discounted away a 4.7 % rate increase implemented last April . 
The carriers were competing fiercely for market share . 
Railroad-rate increases are likely to be restrained by weakening rail-traffic levels and keen competition for freight from trucks . 
An official at Consolidated Freightways Inc. , a Menlo Park , Calif. , less-than-truckload carrier , said rate discounting in that industry has begun to `` stabilize . '' 
Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % late this year or early next year , and at least two competitors have announced similar increases . 
Truckers are `` trying to send signals that they need to stop the bloodletting , forget about market share and go for higher rates , '' said Michael Lloyd , an analyst at Salomon Bros . 
And `` shippers are getting the feeling that they have played one trucker off against another as much as they can , '' he said . 
Air-freight carriers raised their rates for U.S. products going across the Pacific to Asia by about 20 % earlier this month . 
And Japan Air Lines said it plans to boost its rates a further 25 % over the next two years . 
Such rate increases `` will increase the total cost of U.S. products and slow down the rate of increase of U.S. exports , '' said Richard Connors , a senior vice president of Yusen Air & Sea Service U.S.A. Inc. , the U.S. air-freight-forwarding subsidiary of Nippon Yusen Kaisha of Japan . 
Ship companies carrying bulk commodities , such as oil , grain , coal and iron ore , have been able to increase their rates in the last couple of years . 
Some bulk shipping rates have increased `` 3 % to 4 % in the past few months , '' said Salomon 's Mr. Lloyd . 
And ship lines carrying containers are also trying to raise their rates . 
Carriers boosted rates more than 10 % in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe last September , hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels . 
Ship lines operating in the Pacific plan to raise rates on containers carrying U.S. exports to Asia about 10 % , effective next April . 
MGM Grand Inc. said it filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a public offering of six million common shares . 
The Beverly Hills , Calif.-based company said it would have 26.9 million common shares outstanding after the offering . 
The hotel and Gaming company said Merrill Lynch Capital Markets will lead the underwriters . 
Proceeds from the sale will be used for remodeling and refurbishing projects , as well as for the planned MGM Grand hotel\/casino and theme park . 
Bob Stone stewed over a letter from his manager putting him on probation for insubordination . 
Mr. Stone thought the discipline was unfair ; he believed that his manager wanted to get rid of him for personal reasons . 
Unable to persuade the manager to change his decision , he went to a `` company court '' for a hearing . 
At the scheduled time , Mr. Stone entered a conference room in a building near where he worked . 
After the three members of the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : `` Go ahead and tell us what happened . 
We may ask questions as you go along , or we may wait until the end . '' 
No lawyers or tape recorders were present . 
The only extra people were a couple of personnel specialists , one of whom knew Mr. Stone 's case intimately and would help fill in any facts needed to give the court the full picture . 
Over a cup of coffee , Mr. Stone told his story . 
He talked about 20 minutes . 
When he was through , the court members asked many questions , then the chairman said they would like to hear his manager 's side and talk to witnesses . 
The chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks . 
Bob Stone is a fictional name , but the incident described is real . 
It happened at Northrop Corp. in Los Angeles . 
The court is called the Management Appeals Committee , or just `` MAC , '' and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year . 
Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies . 
These firms are pioneers in a significant new trend in the corporate world : the rise of what I call corporate due process . 
Although corporate due process is practiced today in few companies -- perhaps 40 to 60 -- it is one of the fastest developing trends in industry . 
In the coming decade a majority of people-oriented companies are likely to adopt it . 
Corporate due process appeals to management for a variety of reasons . 
It reduces lawsuits from disgruntled employees and ex-employees , with all that means for reduced legal costs and better public relations . 
It helps to keep out unions . 
It increases employee commitment to the company , with all that means for efficiency and quality control . 
What must your management team do to establish corporate due process ? 
Here are four key steps : 
1 . Make sure you have a strong personnel department . 
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases . 
At Polaroid , the Personnel Policy Planning Committee may hear only about 20 cases a year ; the rest of the many hundreds of complaints are resolved at earlier stages . 
At TWA , the System Board of Adjustment hears 50 to 75 cases a year , only a fraction of the complaints brought to personnel specialists . 
At Citicorp , the Problem Review Board may hear only 12 or so cases because of personnel 's skill in complaint-resolution . 
In a typical year , up to 20 % of the work force goes to personnel specialists with complaints of unfair treatment . 
In a large company that means many hundreds of complaints for personnel to handle . 
2 . Formally or informally , train all your managers and supervisors in the company 's due-process approach . 
See that they know company personnel policy backwards and forwards , for it is the `` law '' governing company courts and adjudicators . 
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately . 
In case managers and personnel specialists are unsuccessful and subordinates take their complaints to a company court or adjudicator , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen . 
In the 15 companies I studied , reversal rates range on the average from 20 % to 40 % . 
3 . Decide whether you want a panel system or a single adjudicator . 
A panel system like that in the Bob Stone example enjoys such advantages as high credibility and , for the panelists , mutual support . 
An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder and then switches hats and arbitrates the facts -- has such advantages as speed , flexibility and maximum privacy . 
International Business Machines and Bank of America are among the companies using the single-adjudicator approach . 
4 . Make your due-process system visible . 
It wo n't do any good for anybody unless employees know about it . 
Most managements hesitate to go all out in advertising their due-process systems for fear of encouraging cranks and chronic soreheads to file complaints . 
On the other hand , they make sure at a minimum that their systems are described in their employee handbooks and talked up by personnel specialists . 
Smith-Kline Beecham goes further and sometimes features its grievance procedure in closed-circuit TV programs . 
Naturally , one of the best ways to guarantee visibility for your due-process system is for top management to support it . 
At IBM , the company 's Open Door system is sometimes the subject of memorandums from the chief executive . 
Federal Express goes further in this respect than any company I know of with both Frederick Smith and James Barksdale , chief executive and chief operating officer , respectively , sitting in on the Appeals Board almost every Tuesday to decide cases . 
Mr. Ewing is a consultant based in Winchester , Mass. , and author of `` Justice on the Job : Resolving Grievances in the Nonunion Workplace '' -LRB- Harvard Business School Press , 1989 -RRB- . 
Tokyo stocks closed higher in active trading Friday , marking the fourth consecutive daily gain since Monday 's sharp fall . 
London shares closed moderately lower in thin trading . 
At Tokyo , the Nikkei index of 225 selected issues was up 112.16 points to 35486.38 . 
The index advanced 266.66 points Thursday . 
In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index rose 101.98 points to 35588.36 . 
Friday 's volume on the First Section was estimated at one billion shares , up from 862 million Thursday . 
Winners outpaced losers , 572 to 368 , while 181 issues remained unchanged . 
With investors relieved at the overnight gain in New York stocks , small-lot buying orders streamed into the market from early morning , making traders believe the market was back to normal . 
The Nikkei , which reached as high as 35611.38 right after the opening , surrendered part of its early advance toward the end of the day because of profit-taking . 
`` Investors , especially dealers , do n't want to hold a position over the weekend , '' a trader at Dai-ichi Securities said , adding , though , that the trading mood remained positive through the afternoon session . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index -LRB- Topix -RRB- of all issues listed in the First Section , which gained 22.78 points Thursday , was up 14.06 points , or 0.53 % , at 2679.72 . 
The Second Section index , which rose 15.72 points Thursday , was up 11.88 points , or 0.32 % , to close at 3717.46 . 
Volume in the second section was estimated at 30 million shares , up from 28 million Thursday . 
In turmoil caused by the previous Friday 's plunge in New York stocks , the Nikkei marked a sharp 647.33-point fall Monday . 
But the Nikkei fell an overall 1.8 % in value that day compared with Wall Street 's far sharper 6.9 % drop on Oct. 13 . 
The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on analyzing factors that caused the Friday plunge and realized these problems were unique to New York stocks and not directly related to Tokyo . 
The Nikkei continued to gain for the rest of the week , adding 1017.69 points in four days -- more than erasing Monday 's losses . 
But further major advances on the Nikkei are n't foreseen this week by market observers . 
Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized . 
Some high-priced issues made a comeback Friday . 
Pioneer surged 450 yen -LRB- $ 3.16 -RRB- to 6,050 yen -LRB- $ 42.60 -RRB- . 
Kyocera advanced 80 yen to 5,440 . 
Fanuc gained 100 to 7,580 . 
Breweries attracted investors because of their land property holdings that could figure in development or other plans , traders said . 
Sapporo gained 80 to 1,920 and Kirin added 60 to 2,070 . 
Housings , constructions and pharmaceuticals continued to be bought following Thursday 's gains because of strong earnings outlooks . 
Daiwa House gained 50 to 2,660 . 
Misawa Homes was up 20 at 2,960 . 
Kajima advanced 40 to 2,120 and Ohbayashi added 50 to 1,730 . 
Fujisawa added 80 to 2,010 and Mochida advanced 230 to 4,400 . 
London share prices were influenced largely by declines on Wall Street and weakness in the British pound . 
The key Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index ended 10.2 points lower at 2179.1 , above its intraday low of 2176.9 , but off the day 's high of 2189 . 
The index finished 2.4 % under its close of 2233.9 the previous Friday , although it recouped some of the sharp losses staged early last week on the back of Wall Street 's fall . 
London was weak throughout Friday 's trading , however , on what dealers attributed to generally thin interest ahead of the weekend and this week 's potentially important U.K. trade figures for September . 
The FT-SE 100 largely remained within an 11-point range establshed within the first hour of trading before it eased to an intraday low late in the session when a flurry of program selling pushed Wall Street lower . 
The FT 30-share index closed 11.0 points lower at 1761.0 . 
Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares , the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares . 
Dealers said the day 's action was featureless outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark , and fears that Wall Street might open lower after its strong leap forward Thursday . 
They added that market-makers were largely sidelined after aggressively supporting the market Thursday in their quest to cover internal shortages of FT-SE 100 shares . 
Interest may remain limited into tomorrow 's U.K. trade figures , which the market will be watching closely to see if there is any improvement after disappointing numbers in the previous two months . 
The key corporate news of the day was that British Airways decided to withdraw from a management-led bid for UAL Corp. , the parent of United Airlines . 
British Airways rose initially after announcing its withdrawal from the UAL deal . 
Dealers said they viewed the initial # 390-million -LRB- $ 622 million -RRB- outlay for a 15 % stake in the airline as a bit much . 
Its shares slid in late dealings to close a penny per share lower at 197 pence . 
The airline was the most active FT-SE 100 at 8.2 million shares traded . 
The next most active top-tier stock was B.A.T Industries , the target of Sir James Goldsmith 's # 13.4 billion bid . 
The company gained shareholder approval Thursday to restructure in a bid to fend off the hostile takeover . 
Sir James said Thursday night that his plans for the takeover had n't changed . 
B.A.T ended the day at 778 , down 5 , on turnover of 7.5 million shares . 
Dealers said it was hit by some profit-taking after gains since mid-week . 
In other active shares , Trusthouse Forte shed 10 to 294 on volume of 6.4 million shares after a Barclays De Zoete Wedd downgrading , while Hillsdown Holdings , a food products concern , was boosted 2 to 271 after it disclosed it would seek shareholder approval to begin share repurchases . 
Elsewhere in Europe , share prices closed higher in Stockholm , Brussels and Milan . 
Prices were lower in Frankfurt , Zurich , Paris and Amsterdam . 
South African gold stocks closed moderately lower . 
Share prices closed higher in Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Manila , Hong Kong and Singapore and were lower in Seoul . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
The U.S. is required to notify foreign dictators if it knows of coup plans likely to endanger their lives , government officials said . 
The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence Committee . 
The existence of the guidelines has become known since President Bush disclosed them privately to seven Republican senators at a White House meeting last Monday . 
Officials familiar with the meeting said Mr. Bush cited the policy as an example of the sort of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of such covert actions as this month 's futile effort to oust Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega . 
According to the officials , Mr. Bush even read to the senators selections from a highly classified letter from the committee to the White House discussing the guidelines . 
They said the president conceded the notification requirement did n't affect his decision to lend only minor support to this month 's Panama coup effort . 
No notification was ever considered , officials said , apparently because the U.S. did n't think the coup plotters intended to kill Mr. Noriega , but merely sought to imprison him . 
What 's more , both administration and congressional officials hint that the notification requirement is likely to be dropped from the guidelines on coup attempts that are being rewritten by the panel and the White House . 
The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12 , a few days before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules . 
However , the disclosure of the guidelines , first reported last night by NBC News , is already being interpreted on Capitol Hill as an unfair effort to pressure Congress . 
It has reopened the bitter wrangling between the White House and Congress over who is responsible for the failure to oust Mr. Noriega and , more broadly , for difficulties in carrying out covert activities abroad . 
A statement issued by the office of the committee chairman , Sen. David Boren -LRB- D. , Okla. -RRB- , charged that the disclosure is part of a continuing effort to shift the criticism for the failure of the recent coup attempt in Panama . 
The statement added , `` Someone has regrettably chosen to selectively summarize portions of highly classified correspondence between the two branches of government . 
Not only does this come close to a violation of law , it violates the trust we have all worked to develop . '' 
Sen. Boren said , `` It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future . 
I 've invited the president to send his suggestions to the committee . '' 
Republican Sen. William Cohen of Maine , the panel 's vice chairman , said of the disclosure that `` a text torn out of context is a pretext , and it is unfair for those in the White House who are leaking to present the evidence in a selective fashion . '' 
Sen. Boren said the committee could n't defend itself by making the documents public because that would violate classification rules . 
But the chairman and other committee members stressed that the notification guideline was n't imposed on the White House by a meddling Congress . 
Instead , both congressional and administration officials agreed , it grew out of talks about coup-planning in Panama that were initiated by the administration in July 1988 and stretched into last October . 
The guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the U.S. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order banning a U.S. role in assassinations . 
In fact , yesterday the administration and Congress were still differing on what had been agreed to . 
One administration official said notification was required even if the U.S. `` gets wind '' of somebody else 's coup plans that seem likely to endanger a dictator 's life . 
But a congressional source close to the panel said the rule only covered coup plans directly involving the U.S. . 
Although the notification guideline was n't carried out in this month 's coup attempt , some administration officials argue that it may have led to hesitation and uncertainty on the part of U.S. intelligence and military operatives in Panama . 
One senior administration official called the guideline `` outrageous '' and said it could make U.S. operatives reluctant to even listen to coup plans for fear they may get into legal trouble . 
The issue came to a head last year , officials recalled , partly because the Reagan administration had sought unsuccessfully to win committee approval of funding for new Panama coup efforts . 
In addition , both administration and congressional officials said the need for guidelines on coups and assassinations was partly spurred by a White House desire to avoid nasty overseas surprises during the election campaign . 
Though the assassination ban is a White House order that Congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation . 
Last week , Central Intelligence Agency Director William Webster publicly called on Congress to provide new interpretations of the assassination order that would permit the U.S. more freedom to act in coups . 
The administration has reacted to criticism that it mishandled the latest coup attempt by seeking to blame Congress for restrictions the White House said have hampered its freedom of action . 
However , last week Mr. Webster 's two top CIA deputies said congressional curbs had n't hampered the spy agency 's role in the coup attempt in Panama . 
Nevertheless , the administration 's criticisms appeared to have made some headway with Sens. Boren and Cohen after their Oct. 12 meeting with the president . 
The three men agreed to rewrite the guidelines , without changing the basic assassination ban , to clear up any ambiguities that may have hampered U.S. encouragement of coups against anti-American leaders . 
The new argument over the notification guideline , however , could sour any atmosphere of cooperation that existed . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
-LRB- During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . -RRB- 
MUTUAL FUNDS ARRIVED IN THE U.S. during the Roaring Twenties -LRB- they had been in Britain for a century -RRB- , but they did n't boom until the money market fund was created in the 1970s . 
By 1980 , there were more than 100 such funds . 
Besides creating a vehicle for investors , money market funds also helped rewrite banking regulations . 
The idea was to let small investors , the backbone of the fund business , deal in the money market 's high short-term interest rates . 
This had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use six-figure sums to get income that was figured beyond the third or fourth decimal place . 
The now-standard price of $ 1 a share came about by accident . 
An early fund had filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission that included a fixed $ 1 price . 
It arrived just as the regulator handling such operations was retiring . 
His successor approved the $ 1 price in the process of clearing the backed-up papers on his desk . 
When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974 , it was priced at $ 10 a share -LRB- and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . -RRB- 
Dreyfus moved to the $ 1 price after the SEC set standards -- an average 120-day maturity of high-grade paper -- that are still the rule . 
Keeping the listed price at a dollar is primarily a convenience . 
Actually , the funds do fluctuate , but beyond the third decimal place . 
Rounding-off keeps them at $ 1 . 
Eventually , the money funds ' success forced relaxation of curbs on bank interest rates to allow banks to offer competing yields . 
The new instrument also introduced many to the industry -- 30 % of fund owners -LRB- there are more than 54 million accounts -RRB- started with a money fund . 
Today more than 470 money market funds have total assets exceeding $ 350 billion . 
-LRB- The companion tax-exempt funds add $ 71 billion . -RRB- 
Dreyfus alone has seen its money market funds grow from $ 1 billion in 1975 to closes to $ 15 billion today . 
Procter & Gamble Co. and Noxell Corp. said they received early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act regarding the proposed $ 1.4 billion merger of Noxell into P&G . 
Shareholders of Noxell , of Hunt Valley , Md. , will vote on the merger at a special meeting on Nov. 30 , the companies said . 
P&G , Cincinnati , agreed to exchange 0.272 share of its common stock for each share of Noxell common and Class B stock , a total of about 11 million P&G shares . 
The transaction would mark the entry of P&G into cosmetics . 
The company already markets a wide range of detergents , food , household and health-care products . 
Shareholders of Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm G.m.b . H. postponed their formal endorsement of a merger with Daimler-Benz AG until another meeting on Nov. 17 . 
The owners of the defense and aerospace concern , which include three regional states , several industrial companies and banks , met Friday to discuss the final terms of the transaction , in which Daimler-Benz will acquire 50.01 % of 
But agreement aparently could n't be reached because of opposition from the states of Hamburg and Bremen , which are demanding more influence over the German Airbus operations and a better guarantee against job losses in the troubled Northern German region . 
The two states and the state of Bavaria still hold a majority in MBB , but their stake will fall to around 30 % after Daimler-Benz acquires its stake in the concern . 
Jeffrey E. Levin was named vice president and chief economist of this commodity futures and options exchange . 
He had been associate professor in the department of finance at Seton Hall University . 
SIERRA TUCSON Cos. said it completed its initial public offering of 2.5 million common shares , which raised $ 30 million . 
The Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers said proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes . 
Oppenheimer & Co. was the lead underwriter . 
The government issues its first reading on third-quarter real gross national product this week in a report that is expected to disclose much tamer inflation . 
The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain , down from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , according to MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York . 
But inflation , as measured by the GNP deflator in Thursday 's report , is expected to rise only 3.5 % , down from 4.6 % in the second quarter . 
`` Inflation could be a real surprise , '' said Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , in Chicago . 
`` If that gets people excited , it could serve as an impetus to the fixed-income markets to lower their rates , '' he added . 
The week 's other notable indicators include mid-October auto sales , September durable goods orders as well as September personal income , personal consumption and the saving rate . 
Most are expected to fall below previous-month levels . 
Many economists see even slower GNP growth for the remainder of the year , with some leaning more strongly toward a possible recession . 
In addition to softer production data , weaker housing starts and lower corporate profits currently in evidence , some analysts believe the two recent natural disasters -- Hurricane Hugo and the San Francisco earthquake -- will carry economic ramifications in the fourth quarter . 
The recent one-day , 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average seems to be significant to economists mainly for its tacit comment on the poor quality of third-quarter profits now being reported . 
`` The stock market is sick because profits are crumbling , '' says Michael K. Evans , president of Evans Economics Inc. , Washington . 
The economy , he noted , moves the market , not vice versa . 
On the other hand , Mr. Evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake `` to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP . '' 
His estimate of 3.3 % for third-quarter GNP is higher than the consensus largely because he believes current inventories are n't as low as official figures indicate . 
Demand , he believes , is being met from overhang rather than new production . 
By and large , economists believe the two natural catastrophes will limit economic damage to their regions . 
Edward J. Campbell , economist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. , New York , noted that large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production in those areas . 
Gary Ciminero , economist at Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group , Providence , R.I. , expects the deflator to rise 3.7 % , well below the second quarter 's 4.6 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior . 
He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting a wider trade deficit , slower capital and government spending and the lower inventory figures . 
Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility `` increases the possibility of economic recession and reinforces the bad news '' from recent trade deficit , employment and housing reports . 
The consensus calls for a 0.5 % increase in September personal income and a 0.3 % gain in consumption . 
In August , personal income rose 0.4 % and personal consumption increased 0.9 % . 
Charles Lieberman , managing director of financial markets reasearch at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp. , New York , said Hurrican Hugo shaved 0.1 % to 0.2 % from personal-income growth , because of greatly diminished rental income from tourism . 
Durable goods orders for September , due out tomorrow , are expected to show a slip of 1 % , compared with August 's 3.9 % increase . 
As usual , estimates on the fickle report are wide , running from a drop of 3.5 % to a gain of 1.6 % . 
HASTINGS MANUFACTURING Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents a share and an extra dividend of five cents a share on its common stock , payable Dec. 15 to shares of record Nov. 17 . 
This is the 11th consecutive quarter in which the company has paid shareholders an extra dividend of five cents . 
The Hastings , Mich. , concern makes piston rings , filters and fuel pumps . 
Vickers PLC , a United Kingdom defense and engineering company , said an investment unit controlled by New Zealand financier Ron Brierley raised its stake in the company Friday to 15.02 % from about 14.6 % Thursday and from 13.7 % the previous week . 
I.E.P. Securities Ltd. , a unit of Mr. Brierley 's Hong Kong-based Industrial Equity -LRB- Pacific -RRB- Ltd. , boosted its holdings in Vickers to 38.8 million shares . 
The latest purchase follows small increases in his holdings made over the past five months . 
In May , Mr. Brierley 's stake shrank to 8.7 % after ranging between 9 % and 11 % for much of the previous year . 
`` Ron Brierley clearly views our company as a good investment , '' a Vickers spokesman said . 
The spokesman refused to comment on speculation that Industrial Equity might use its interest as a platform to launch a hostile bid for the company . 
Vickers makes tanks for the U.K. army , Rolls Royce cars , and has marine and medical businesses . 
When Rune Andersson set out to revive flagging Swedish conglomerate Trelleborg AB in the early 1980s , he spurned the advice of trendy management consultants . 
`` All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology , and get out of mature basic industries , '' Mr. Andersson recalls . 
Yet under its 45-year-old president , Trelleborg moved aggressively into those unfashionable base industries -- first strengthening its existing rubber and plastics division , later adding mining as well as building and construction materials . 
It was a gutsy move for a little-known executive , fired after only two months as president of his previous company . 
But going against the grain has never bothered Mr. Andersson . 
Stroking his trademark white goatee during a recent interview , the diminutive Swede quips : `` It turned out to be lucky for us . 
If the whole market thinks what you 're doing is crazy you do n't have much competition . '' 
Mr. Andersson is anxious to strengthen Trelleborg 's balance sheet . 
Characteristically , he did n't waste much time getting started . 
On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing , and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange . 
At current market prices , the twin public offerings to be completed next year would add an estimated 2.5 billion Swedish kronor -LRB- $ 386 million -RRB- to Trelleborg 's coffers , analysts say . 
The board had also been expected to approve a SKr1.5 billion international offering of new Trelleborg shares . 
But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say . 
Trelleborg 's internationally traded `` Bfree '' series stock plunged SKr29 -LRB- $ 4.48 -RRB- to SKr205 -LRB- $ 31.65 -RRB- in volatile trading Monday in Stockholm . 
Tuesday , the shares regained SKr20 , closing at SKr225 . 
Mr. Andersson says he is confident that taking parts of the company public will help erase the `` conglomerate stigma '' that has held down Trelleborg 's share price . 
Trelleborg plans to remain the dominant shareholder with stakes of slightly less than 50 % of both units . 
The spinoff should solve a problem for the parent . 
A family foundation set up by late founder Henry Dunker controls 59 % of Trelleborg 's voting shares outstanding . 
But the foundation bylaws require the entire Trelleborg stake to be sold in the open market if control drops below 50 % . 
That possibility had crept closer as repeated new share offerings to finance Trelleborg 's rapid growth steadily diluted the foundation 's holding . 
That growth is the result of Mr. Andersson 's shopping spree , during which he has bought and sold more than 100 companies during the past five years . 
Most of the new additions were barely profitable , if not outright loss makers . 
Applying prowess gained during earlier stints at appliance maker AB Electrolux , Mr. Andersson and a handful of loyal lieutenants aggressively stripped away dead wood -- and got quick results . 
The treatment turned Trelleborg into one of Scandinavia 's biggest and fastest-growing industrial concerns . 
Between 1985 and 1988 , sales multipled more than 10 times and pretax profit surged almost twelvefold . 
Many analysts expect Mr. Andersson , who owns 1.7 % of the company , to be named Trelleborg 's new chairman when Ernst Herslow steps down next year . 
But the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style Mr. Andersson describes as `` being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar waiting for people to bring me ideas . '' 
Last month , in his boldest move yet , Mr. Andersson and Trelleborg joined forces with Canada 's Noranda Inc. in a joint $ 2 billion hostile takeover of another big Canadian mining concern , Falconbridge Ltd . 
Industry analysts suggest that the conquest of Falconbridge could vault Trelleborg from a regional Scandinavian success story to a world-class mining concern . 
`` Trelleborg is n't in the same league yet as mining giants such as RTZ Corp. or Anglo-American Corp. , '' says Mike Kurtanjek , a mining analyst at James Capel & Co. , London . 
`` But we certainly like what we 've seen so far . '' 
But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles . 
Mr. Andersson acknowledges that the company 's mining division `` will be busy for a while digesting its recent expansion . '' 
Booming metals prices have fueled Trelleborg 's recent profit surge , raising mining 's share of pretax profit to 68 % this year from a big loss two years earlier . 
But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth . 
Mining is likely to remain Trelleborg 's main business . 
Analysts say its chances of success will likely hinge on how well Trelleborg manages to cooperate with Noranda in the Falconbridge venture . 
Noranda and Trelleborg each came close to winning Falconbridge alone before the successful joint bid . 
Some analysts say Noranda would prefer to break up Falconbridge , and that the Swedes -- relatively inexperienced in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like Noranda operating on its home turf . 
Mr. Andersson insists that Trelleborg and Noranda have n't discussed a Falconbridge break-up . 
Falconbridge , he says , will continue operating in its current form . 
`` We 'd be reluctant to accept 50-50 ownership in a manufacturing company . 
But such partnerships are common in mining , where there are n't problems or conflict of interest or risk of cheating by a partner , '' Trelleborg 's president says . 
Perhaps more important , both companies share Mr. Andersson 's belief in the coming renaissance of base industries . 
`` If the 1980s were a decade of consumption , the '90s will be the investment decade , '' Mr. Andersson says . 
`` The whole of Europe and the industrialized world is suffering from a breakdown in infrastructure investment , '' he says . 
`` That 's beginning to change . 
And investment is the key word for base metals , and most other businesses Trelleborg is in . 
Apple Computer Inc. posted improved fiscal fourth-quarter profit due largely to a $ 48 million gain on the sale of its stock in Adobe Systems Inc . 
Excluding the gain , the company registered a modest 4.6 % increase for the quarter ended Sept. 29 to $ 113 million , or 87 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 107.9 million , or 84 cents a share . 
Proceeds of the Adobe sale brought net income in the quarter to $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share . 
Apple shares fell 75 cents in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 48 a share . 
Fiscal fourth-quarter sales grew about 18 % to $ 1.38 billion from $ 1.17 billion a year earlier . 
Without the Adobe gain , Apple 's full-year operating profit edged up 1.5 % to $ 406 million , or $ 3.16 a share , from $ 400.3 million , or $ 3.08 a share . 
Including the Adobe gain , full-year net was $ 454 million , or $ 3.53 a share . 
Sales for the year rose nearly 30 % to $ 5.28 billion from $ 4.07 billion a year earlier . 
John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer , credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers , introduced in the winter , for the brightened sales performance . 
Mr. Sculley also indicated that sagging margins , which dogged the company through most of 1989 , began to turn up in the fourth quarter as chip prices eased . 
`` Adverse pressure on gross margins ... has subsided , '' Mr. Sculley said . 
Margins in the fiscal fourth quarter perked up , rising to 51 % from 49.2 % a year earlier . 
For all of fiscal 1989 , however , the average gross margin was 49 % , below the average 1988 gross margin of 51 % . 
Lower component costs -- especially for DRAMs , or dynamic random access memory chips -- were cited for the easing of margin pressure on the company , a spokeswoman said . 
Looking ahead to 1990 , Mr. Sculley predicted `` another year of significant revenue growth , '' along with improved profitability , as the recovery in gross margins continues into 1990 . 
Gary J. Schantz , 44 years old , was named president and chief operating officer . 
Polymerix makes lumber-like materials that it describes as `` plastic wood . '' 
The operating chief 's post is new . 
Martin Schrager , 51 , who had been president , was named vice chairman . 
He remains chief executive officer . 
Mr. Schantz was vice president and chief operating officer of the Acrylic division of Polycast Technology Corp . 
Separately , the board expanded to six members with the election of David L. Holewinski , a consultant . 
The company also said it privately placed stock and warrants in exchange for $ 750,000 . 
Terry L. Haines , formerly general manager of Canadian operations , was elected to the new position of vice president , North American sales , of this plastics concern . 
Also , Larry A. Kushkin , executive vice president , North American operations , was named head of the company 's international automotive operations , another new position . 
He remains an executive vice president , the company said , and his new position reflects `` the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for A. Schulman 's high performance plastic materials . '' 
Gordon Trimmer will succeed Mr. Haines as manager of Canadian operations , and Mr. Kushkin 's former position is n't being filled at this time , the company said . 
General Electric Co. said it signed a contract with the developers of the Ocean State Power project for the second phase of an independent $ 400 million power plant , which is being built in Burrillville , R.I . 
GE , along with a division of Ebasco , a subsidiary of Enserch Corp. , have been building the first 250-megawatt phase of the project , which they expect to complete in late 1990 . 
The second portion will be completed the following year . 
GE 's Power Generation subsidiary will operate and maintain the plant upon its completion . 
The Environmental Protection Agency is getting a lot out of the Superfund program . 
Of the $ 4.4 billion spent so far on the program , 60 % is going for administrative costs , management and research , the Office of Technology Assessment just reported . 
Only 36 of 1,200 priority cleanup sites have been `` decontaminated . '' 
Over the next 50 years , $ 500 billion is earmarked for the program . 
At current allocations , that means EPA will be spending $ 300 billion on itself . 
It may not be toxic , but we know where one waste dump is . 
Chambers Development Co. said its Security Bureau Inc. unit purchased two security concerns in Florida that will add $ 2.1 million of annual revenue . 
Purchase of the businesses serving Miami , Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach , Fla. , is part of a plan by Chambers to expand in the growing security industry . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Basf AG said it moved its headquarters for Latin America to Mexico and the headquarters for the Asia\/Australia regional division to Singapore , effective Oct . 
The central offices for both regions were previously located in Ludwigshafen , Basf headquarters . 
The West German chemical concern called the moves a further step in the internationalization of its business activities . 
Both regions are the fastest-growing areas for Basf , the company said . 
David H. Eisenberg , 53 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Imasco 's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit , based in Alexandria , Va . 
Mr. Eisenberg was senior executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
Imasco is a tobacco , retailing , restaurant and financial services concern . 
Lotus Development Corp. is in talks to sell its Signal stock-quote service to Infotechnology Inc. , the New York parent of Financial News Network , people familiar with the negotiations said . 
They said the price would be around $ 10 million . 
Signal , which has an estimated 10,000 subscribers and is profitable , provides stock quotes over an FM radio band that can be received by specially equipped personal computers . 
The computers will display stock prices selected by users . 
Lotus , Cambridge , Mass. , has been rumored to have the sale of the four-year-old unit under consideration for a year . 
The business is n't related to Lotus 's main businesses of making computer software and publishing information on compact disks . 
`` Please submit your offers , '' says Felipe Bince Jr . 
He surveys the prospective investors gathered in the board room of the Philippine government 's Asset Privatization Trust for the sale of a 36 % interest in the country 's largest paper mill . 
The agency expects the bids to be equivalent of more than $ 80 million . 
Not a peso is offered . 
Mr. Bince , the trust 's associate executive trustee , declares the bidding a failure . 
`` It 's getting harder to sell , '' he mutters as he leaves the room . 
Indeed . Recently , the trust failed to auction off the paper mill , a bank , an office building and a small cotton-ginning plant . 
Of the four , only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece . 
In October 1987 , President Corazon Aquino vowed that her government would `` get out of business '' by selling all or part of the state 's holdings in the many companies taken over by the government during the 20-year rule of Ferdinand Marcos . 
Two years later , Mrs. Aquino 's promise remains largely unfulfilled . 
October is a critical month for the privatization program . 
Manila is offering several major assets for the first time and is trying to conclude sales already arranged . 
In addition , the government is scheduled to unveil plans for privatizing Philippine Airlines , the national carrier , an effort that lawyer and business columnist Rodolfo Romero calls `` the bellwether of privatization . '' 
All told , there are assets on the line valued at up to $ 1.03 billion . 
The privatization program is designed to rid the government of hundreds of assets and to raise critically needed funds . 
Much of the money from the sales is earmarked for a multibillion-dollar agrarian-reform program . 
But efforts have been thwarted by official indifference , bureaucratic resistance , a legal system that operates at a snail 's pace , political opposition and government misjudgments . 
Most recently , a lack of buyers has been added to the list . 
Rather than gathering momentum , the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government tackles several big assets . 
The axiom appears to be that the more valuable the asset , the harder the privatization process . 
`` You just do n't see a whole lot happening , '' says an international economist . 
To be sure , the program has n't completely stalled . 
The Asset Privatization Trust , the agency chiefly responsible for selling government-held properties , has recorded sales of more than $ 500 million since it began functioning in December 1986 . 
But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets . 
Dealing with the sales this month could be particularly challenging because almost every problem that has hobbled the program in the past is popping up again . 
Ramon Garcia , the Asset Trust 's executive trustee , admits to what he calls `` temporary setbacks . '' 
In light of the poor results recently , he says , the agency is adopting an `` attitude of flexibility . '' 
October 's troubles began when the trust failed to sell a state-owned commercial bank , Associated Bank , for the minimum price of 671 million pesos -LRB- $ 31 million -RRB- . 
At the end of the month , the agency again will offer the bank . 
But instead of a minimum price , only a target price will be established . 
Bankers say , however , that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price . 
The bank has a negative net worth , they say . 
In addition , special bidding rules give the bank 's former owner , Leonardo Ty , the right to match the highest bid . 
Mr. Ty lost control to the government in 1980 when a government bank made emergency loans to the cash-strapped institution . 
In 1983 , the loans were converted into equity , giving Manila 98 % of the bank , but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights . 
His ability to match any bid has scared off many potential buyers . 
Separately , the government will try again within a month to sell the 36 % stake in Paper Industries Corp. of the Philippines , or Picop , as the paper mill is known . 
The price will depend on how much Picop shares fetch on the local stock market . 
But according to bankers and stock analysts who have studied the paper mill , price is n't the only consideration . 
As it stands now , the government would continue to hold 45 % of Picop after the 36 % stake is sold . 
-LRB- About 7.5 % of Picop is publicly traded and other shareholders own the rest of the equity . -RRB- 
Potential buyers , mostly foreign companies , are reluctant to take a non-controlling stake in a company that , by the government 's own reckoning , needs some $ 100 million in new capital for rehabilitation . 
The prospect of buying into a cash-hungry company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers , including a member of the Elders group of Australia , to pull out of the bidding , the bankers and analysts say . 
Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer . 
Under government regulations , however , foreign ownership of Picop 's equity is limited to 40 % . 
Even though the government would retain the 45 % stake in Picop , critics have accused the trust of selling out to foreigners . 
A series of newspaper articles accused the trust of short-changing the government over the Picop sale . 
Mr. Garcia says he has been notified of congressional hearings on the Picop bidding and possible legislation covering the paper mill 's sale , both prompted by the criticism of the agency . 
The question of control could further hinder long-delayed plans for the government to divest itself of Philippine Airlines , in which it has a 99 % stake . 
The carrier has valuable trans-Pacific and Asian routes but it remains debt-laden and poorly managed . 
This maker of electronic measuring devices named two new directors , increasing board membership to nine . 
The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , president and chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. , and Peter S. Willmott , chairman and chief executive officer of Willmott Services Inc . 
Gerard E. Wood , 51 years old , was elected president , chief executive officer and a director of this minerals and materials company . 
He succeeds Harry A. Durney , 65 , who is retiring from active duty but remains a director and consultant . 
Mr. Wood has been president and chief executive of Steep Rock Resources Inc . 
Eagle Financial Corp. and Webster Financial Corp. , two Connecticut savings bank-holding companies , agreed to merge in a tax-free stock transaction . 
The new holding company , Webster\/Eagle Bancorp Inc. , will have about $ 1.2 billion of assets and 19 banking offices in Connecticut . 
Tangible capital will be about $ 115 million . 
The merger is subject to regulatory clearance and a definitive agreement . 
In the merger , each share of Webster , based in Waterbury , will be converted into one share of the new company . 
Each share of Eagle , based in Bristol , will become 0.95 share of Webster\/Eagle . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Eagle shares rose 12.5 cents to $ 11 . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Webster shares fell 25 cents to $ 12.375 . 
Webster has 3.5 million shares outstanding and Eagle 2.6 million . 
Their indicated market values thus are about $ 43.3 million and $ 28.6 million , respectively . 
Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle . 
Harold W. Smith Sr. , chairman of Webster , will become chairman emeritus and a director of the new company . 
Ralph T. Linsley , vice chairman of Eagle , will become vice chairman of Webster\/Eagle . 
The board will be made up of seven directors of each holding company . 
In an interview , James Smith said the banks ' `` markets are contiguous and their business philosophies are similar and conservative . '' 
Nonperforming loans will make up only about 0.5 % of the combined banks ' total loans outstanding , he said . 
At June 30 , Webster , which owns First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Waterbury , had assets of $ 699 million . 
Eagle , which controls Bristol Federal Savings Bank and First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Torrington , had assets of $ 469.6 million on that date . 
Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , `` Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , '' is a refreshingly clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization , and must be welcomed as such by all Americans who wish his country well . 
The Mexico-United States Institute is glad to see such a high official as Mexico 's undersecretary of finance view his country 's reforms `` in the context of a larger , world-wide process '' of profound change toward free-market economics , especially in the statist countries . 
Having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to overstate the case . 
It is not quite true , for example , that the Mexican government has `` privatized '' Mexicana de Aviacion , as Mr. Ortiz claims . 
In the same sentence he contradicts himself when he reports that the government still retains 40 % of the total equity of the airline . 
How can a company be considered `` privatized '' if the state is so heavily represented in it ? 
-LRB- True , the Mexican government has granted `` control '' over the airline to a new private consortium , but its propensity to take back what it gives is too well known to permit one to be sanguine . -RRB- 
Regrettably , too , Mr. Ortiz resorts to the familiar `` numbers game '' when he boasts that `` fewer than 392 -LCB- state enterprises -RCB- currently remain in the public sector , '' down from the `` 1,155 public entities that existed in 1982 . 
'' But the enterprises still in state hands include the biggest and most economically powerful ones in Mexico ; indeed , they virtually constitute the economic infrastructure . 
I refer essentially to petroleum , electric power , banking and newsprint . 
Those enterprises , however , are not going to be privatized . 
They are officially considered `` strategic , '' and their privatization is prohibited by the Mexican Constitution . 
In language that sidesteps the issue , Mr. Ortiz writes , `` The divestiture of nonpriority and nonstrategic public enterprises is an essential element of President Carlos Salinas 's plan to modernize Mexico 's economy ... . '' 
Yet clearly , modernization must embrace its key industries before it can be said to have caught the `` privatization bug . '' 
The bottom line , however , is not economic but political reform . 
A long succession of Mexican presidents arbitrarily nationalized whatever industry they took a fancy to , without having to answer to the public . 
To guarantee that Mexicana de Aviacion and other companies will really be privatized , Mexico needs a pluri-party political system that will ensure democracy and hence accountability . 
Daniel James President Mexico-United States Institute 
The board of this Ponce , Puerto Rico concern voted to suspend payment of its quarterly of 11 cents a share for the third quarter . 
The third-largest thrift institution in Puerto Rico also said it expects a return to profitability in the third quarter when it reports operating results this week . 
Ponce Federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
A labor-management group is preparing a revised buy-out bid for United Airlines parent UAL Corp. that would transfer majority ownership to employees while leaving some stock in public hands , according to people familiar with the group . 
The group has been discussing a proposal valued in a range of $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion . 
But to avoid the risk of rejection , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today . 
Instead , the group is raising the proposal informally to try to test the board 's reaction . 
People familiar with the company say the board is n't likely to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion buy-out bid that collapsed last week after banks would n't raise needed loans and after a key partner , British Airways PLC , dropped out . 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , UAL closed at $ 168.50 a share , down $ 21.625 . 
But the pilots union , which has been pushing for a takeover since 1987 , appears to be pressing ahead with the revised bid to avoid further loss of momentum even though it has n't found a partner to replace British Air . 
Although the bidding group has n't had time to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks , it believes bank financing could be obtained . 
After the collapse of the last effort , the group does n't plan to make any formal proposal without binding commitments from banks covering the entire amount to be borrowed . 
Under the type of transaction being discussed , the pilot-management group would borrow several billion dollars from banks that could then be used to finance a cash payment to current holders . 
Those current holders would also receive minority interests in the new company . 
For example , the group could offer $ 200 a share in cash plus stock valued at $ 30 a share . 
UAL currently has 22.6 million shares , fully diluted . 
The new structure would be similar to a recapitalization in which holders get a special dividend yet retain a controlling ownership interest . 
The difference is that current holders would n't retain majority ownership or control . 
The failed takeover would have given UAL employees 75 % voting control of the nation 's second-largest airline , with management getting 10 % control and British Air 15 % . 
It was n't clear how the ownership would stack up under the new plan , but employees would keep more than 50 % . 
Management 's total could be reduced , and the public could get more than the 15 % control that had been earmarked for British Air . 
One option the board is likely to consider today is some sort of cooling-off period . 
Although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort , at least temporarily , and to return to running the company full time . 
The board could eventually come under some pressure to sell the company because its members can be ousted by a majority shareholder vote , particularly since one-third of UAL stock is held by takeover stock speculators who favor a sale . 
The labor-management buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board . 
However , the only outsider who has emerged to lead such a shareholder vote , Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , who triggered the buy-out with a $ 5.4 billion bid in early August , is hanging back -- apparently to avoid being blamed for contributing to the deal 's collapse . 
Three top advisers to Mr. Davis visited New York late last week , at least in part to confer with executives at Citicorp . 
Mr. Davis had paid $ 6 million for Citicorp 's backing of his last bid . 
But Citicorp has lost some credibility because it also led the unsuccessful effort to gain bank loans for the labor-management group . 
On Friday , British Air issued a statement saying it `` does not intend to participate in any new deal for the acquisition of UAL in the foreseeable future . '' 
However , several people said that British Air might yet rejoin the bidding group and that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from British regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering previously earmarked for the UAL buy-out . 
Also late last week , UAL flight attendants agreed to participate with the pilots in crafting a revised offer . 
But the machinists union , whose opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor . 
One advantage the buy-out group intends to press with the board is that pilots have agreed to make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions to help finance a bid . 
Speculation has also arisen that the UAL executive most closely identified with the failure to gain bank financing , chief financial officer John Pope , may come under pressure to resign . 
However , people familiar with the buy-out group said Mr. Pope 's departure would weaken the airline 's management at a critical time . 
Despite the buy-out group 's failure to obtain financing , UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , and Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
Whittle Communications Limited Partnership , Knoxville , Tenn. , will launch its first media property targeting Hispanic women . 
`` La Familia de Hoy , '' or `` Today 's Family , '' will debut this spring and will combine a national bimonthly magazine and TV programming . 
The television element of `` La Familia '' includes a series of two-minute informational features to air seven days a week on the Spanish-language Univision network , a unit of Univision Holdings Inc. , which is 80%-owned by Hallmark Cards Inc . 
The features will focus on `` parenting , family health and nutrition , and financial management , '' and will carry 30 seconds of advertising . 
The magazines , also ad-supported , will be distributed in more than 10,000 doctors ' offices , clinics , and health centers in Hispanic and largely Hispanic communities . 
WEIRTON STEEL Corp. said it completed a $ 300 million sale of 10-year notes , the final step in the 1984 buy-out of the company from National Steel Corp . 
The 10 7\/8 % notes were priced at 99.5 % to yield 10.958 % in an offering managed by Bear , Stearns & Co. , Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Lazard Freres & Co. , the company said . 
Weirton , of Weirton , W. Va. , said $ 60.3 million of the proceeds were used to prepay the remaining amounts on the note outstanding to National Intergroup Inc. , the parent of National Steel . 
Remaining proceeds were used to pay other debt and to finance the company 's capital spending program . 
Lep Group PLC of Britain , which holds a 62.42 % stake in Profit Systems Inc. , said it is considering courses of action that could result in its having `` active control '' of the company . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Lep Group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the Profit Systems shares it does n't already own . 
It noted , however , that it has n't determined any specific terms of a possible transaction . 
Lep Group and affiliates currently control 3,513,072 Profit Systems common shares , or 62.42 % , the filing said . 
Profit Systems , Valley Stream , N.Y. , is an air freight forwarding concern . 
U.S. official reserve assets rose $ 6.05 billion in September , to $ 68.42 billion , the Treasury Department said . 
The gain compared with a $ 1.10 billion decline in reserve assets in August to $ 62.36 billion , the department said . 
U.S. reserve assets consist of foreign currencies , gold , special drawing rights at the International Monetary Fund and the U.S. reserve position -- its ability to draw foreign currencies -- at the IMF . 
The nation 's holdings of foreign currencies increased $ 5.67 billion in September to $ 39.08 billion , while its gold reserves were virtually unchanged at $ 11.07 billion . 
U.S. holdings of IMF special drawing rights last month rose $ 247 million , to $ 9.49 billion , and its reserve position at the IMF increased $ 142 million , to $ 8.79 billion . 
Alusuisse of America Inc. plans to sell its Consolidated Aluminum Corp. subsidiary as part of its strategy to focus more on aluminum packaging in the U.S. . 
Alusuisse , of New York , declined to say how much it expects to get for the unit ; the company has hired First Boston Corp. to help identify bidders . 
Alusuisse is a subsidiary of Swiss Aluminium Ltd. , a Zurich , Switzerland , producer of aluminum , chemicals and packaging products . 
Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , makes aluminum sheet and foil products at its Hannibal , Ohio , and Jackson , Tenn. , rolling mills and recycles aluminum at a plant in Bens Run , W.Va . 
Manhattan National Corp. said Michael A. Conway , president and chief executive officer , was elected chief executive of the holding company 's two principal insurance subsidiaries . 
He succeeds Paul P. Aniskovich Jr. , who resigned to pursue other business interests , the company said . 
Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected chairman , president and chief executive of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. and president and chief executive of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co . 
Harry Rossi , 69 , chairman of the holding company , also remains chairman of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co . 
Mr. Conway was executive vice president and chief investment officer of Union Central Life Insurance Co. , of Cincinnati , in 1987 , when Union Central bought a 54 % interest in Manhattan National Corp . 
He resigned as an officer of Central Life to accept the Manhattan National presidency . 
Daniel J. Terra , a director of First Illinois Corp. , said that in August he reduced his stake in First Illinois to 26.48 % of the common shares outstanding . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Terra said he sold 263,684 First Illinois common shares from Aug. 9 to Aug. 28 for $ 9.9375 to $ 10.5625 a share . 
As a result of the sales he holds 6,727,042 shares . 
Mr. Terra said in the filing that he sold the stock to decrease his position in the Evanston , Ill. , banking concern . 
He may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said . 
SciMed Life Systems Inc. , Minneapolis , said a federal appeals court vacated an earlier summary judgment in its favor . 
A lower court in St. Paul had ruled in September 1988 that a heart catheter SciMed manufactures does n't infringe on a patent owned by Advanced Cardiovascular Systems , a unit of Eli Lilly & Co . 
SciMed said the appeals court remanded the case back to the district court for further proceedings . 
In national over-the-counter trading Friday , SciMed shares tumbled $ 2.75 to $ 43 . 
SciMed said it `` remains committed '' both to the `` vigorous defense '' of its position that the catheter does n't infringe the Lilly unit 's patent , and to the pursuit of its own counterclaims , which allege Lilly engaged in antitrust violations and other wrongful acts . 
A REVISED BID FOR UAL is being prepared by a labor-management group , sources said . 
The new proposal , which would transfer majority ownership of United Air 's parent to employees and leave some stock in public hands , would be valued at $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or as much as $ 5.42 billion . 
But UAL 's board is n't expected to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share bid that collapsed recently . 
Takeover stock speculators have incurred paper losses of over $ 700 million from the failed UAL offer , their worst loss ever on a single deal . 
Ford and Saab ended talks about a possible alliance after Ford concluded that the cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return . 
The collapse Friday prompted speculation that Ford would intensify its pursuit of Jaguar , which is negotiating a defensive alliance with GM . 
Stock prices edged up in quiet trading Friday . 
The Dow Jones industrials rose 5.94 , to 2689.14 , making the gain for the week a record 119.88 points , or 4.7 % . 
Most bond prices fell , but junk bonds and the dollar rose . 
New York City bonds were sold off by many investors last week amid political and economic uncertainty . 
More banks are being hurt by Arizona 's worsening real-estate slump . 
First Interstate Bancorp of Los Angeles said Friday it expects a $ 16 million quarterly loss , citing property-loan losses at its Arizona unit . 
OPEC 's ability to produce more oil than it can sell is starting to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
OPEC officials worry that prices could collapse a few months from now if the group does n't adopt new quotas . 
Saatchi & Saatchi has attracted offers for some of its advertising units but has rejected them , sources said . 
The proposals , from suitors including Interpublic Group , come as the London-based ad giant struggles through its most difficult period ever . 
Qintex Australia suffered another setback Friday when its Los Angeles-based affiliate filed for Chapter 11 protection . 
Qintex 's $ 1.5 billion pact to buy MGM\/UA collapsed recently . 
Kodak entered the high-definition television market by unveiling a device that can convert conventional film into high-definition video . 
A handful of small U.S. firms are refusing to cede the HDTV-screen market to Japanese manufacturers . 
Freight rates are bottoming out and starting to rebound . 
Trucking , shipping and air-freight firms are all planning rate increases , reflecting higher costs and tightened demand . 
Texaco has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million . 
It is Texaco 's first major acquisition since the legal battle with Pennzoil began over four years ago . 
Winnebago posted a widened quarterly loss and slashed its dividend in half , reflecting the deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle sales . 
Markets -- 
Stocks : 
Volume 164,830,000 shares . 
Dow Jones industrials 2689.14 , up 5.94 ; transportation 1230.80 , off 32.71 ; utilities 215.48 , up 0.06 . 
Bonds : 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3392.49 , off 
Commodities : 
Dow Jones futures index 129.62 , off 0.51 ; spot index 131.34 , up 0.88 . 
Dollar : 
142.43 yen , up 0.73 ; 1.8578 marks , up 0.0108 . 
Inmac Corp. , a money-losing direct marketer of computer supplies and accessories , said directors suspended payment of its semiannual dividend as too great a drain on funds . 
The company paid five cents a share in April . 
The directors ' action , taken Oct. 10 but announced Friday , had little or no effect on the company 's stock , which stagnated at $ 4.75 in light over-the-counter trading . 
Inmac recently disclosed a $ 12.3 million write-off related to a corporate restructuring that resulted in the company 's posting a $ 6.4 million net loss for the year ended July 29 , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 9.7 million , or $ 1.02 a share . 
Sales rose 12 % to $ 249.5 million from $ 222.8 million . 
`` The board felt that the continued payment of our semiannual dividend was inconsistent with recent operating results , '' said Kenneth A. Eldred , president and chief executive officer . 
`` All our efforts are now focused on improving earnings to the point where we can fund additional new-country development , continue to invest in the business and reinstate the dividend , '' he added . 
The company offers more than 3,500 parts and supplies directly to microcomputer and minicomputer users through catalog sales . 
The Food and Drug Administration said American Home Products Corp. agreed to recall certain generic drugs that were produced by its Quantum Pharmics unit in Amityville , N.Y . 
Quantum stopped shipping the drugs last month , following a federal investigation regarding information the company supplied to obtain three drug approvals . 
The FDA requested the recall of Quantum 's mioxidil tablets , chlorazepate dipotassium tablets and meclofenamate sodium capsules because , it said , the size of the production runs submitted for testing to gain FDA approval was in each case misrepresented as much larger than it actually was . 
American Home Products , based in New York , agreed to recall four other products , trazadone , doxepin , diazepam and lorazapam , because of concerns about data submitted in their original approval applications before the FDA . 
No safety problems with the products are known , the FDA said . 
An FDA spokesperson said the drugs are still available under other brand names . 
Last month , American Home Products said it was suspending production and distribution of all 21 of Quantum 's generic drug products pending the completion of an exhaustive internal audit . 
It also temporarily closed Quantum , because of the internal investigation , as well as the FDA 's ongoing inquiry . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , American Home Products rose 75 cents to $ 105 on Friday . 
Lyondell Petrochemical Co. said third-quarter net income fell 54 % , to $ 73 million , or 91 cents a share , from $ 160 million a year earlier . 
Year-earlier per-share results are n't applicable because the company went public in January . 
Revenue rose 7.7 % to $ 1.28 billion from $ 1.18 billion . 
The petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was a loss of production time and the increased costs associated with a temporary maintenance closing and expansion of an olefins plant . 
Like other refiners , Lyondell 's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower . 
While the company said chemical margins continued to worsen this quarter , costs will be lower because the maintenance and expansions are complete . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Lyondell was unchanged at $ 18.50 a share . 
Four former Cordis Corp. officials were acquitted of federal charges related to the Miami-based company 's sale of pacemakers , including conspiracy to hide pacemaker defects . 
Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared Harold Hershhenson , a former executive vice president ; John Pagones , a former vice president ; and Stephen Vadas and Dean Ciporkin , who had been engineers with Cordis . 
Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges related to the pacemakers and to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in fines and other costs . 
Cordis sold its pacemaker operations two years ago to Telectronics Holding Ltd. of Australia . 
PAPERS : 
Management and unions representing 2,400 employees at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star reached a tentative contract agreement Friday , averting a strike by most employees of Canada 's largest daily newspaper . 
Members of the largest union , representing 1,700 workers , voted in favor of the pact yesterday . 
Four other unions have yet to vote , but their leadership also recommended approval . 
The pact proposes a 2 1\/2-year contract with a raise of 8 % in the first year , 7 % in the second and 4 % for the final six months . 
Amgen Inc. said its second-quarter earnings increased more than tenfold to $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , due to increased sales of the company 's new antianemia drug for kidney patients . 
The Thousand Oaks , Calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 97 % increase in revenue to $ 42.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
In the year-ago period , Amgen reported net income of $ 320,000 , or two cents a share , on revenue of $ 21.5 million . 
For the six months , the company reported a more than sixfold increase in earnings to $ 4.7 million , or 26 cents a share , from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago . 
Revenue rose 77 % to $ 72.6 million , from last year 's $ 41 million . 
LEBANESE LAWMAKERS APPROVED a peace plan but Aoun rejected it . 
Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict , but the Christian military leader wad the plan was `` full of ambiguities . '' 
The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , includes Syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from Lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems and Christians in the Parliament . 
The rejection by Aoun , who has demanded a total and immediate pull-out of Damascus 's 33,000 troops , puts the future of the agreement in doubt . 
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA BRACED for earthquake-related traffic jams . 
As rescuers pressed their efforts after finding a survivor in a collapsed freeway , the San Francisco Bay area girded for hundreds of thousands of commuters seeking to avoid routes ravaged by last Tuesday 's tremor . 
In Oakland , officials said the 57-year-old longshoreman who spent four days entombed in rubble was in critical condition with slight improvement . 
Estimates of damage in the area , visited Friday by Bush , topped $ 5 billion . 
The baseball commissioner announced that the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would n't resume until Friday . 
THE U.S. . IS REQUIRED to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plans . 
Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives . 
The existence of the policy became known after Bush disclosed it to seven GOP senators last week , citing the plan as an example of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of covert actions , officials said . 
Bush conceded that the requirement did n't affect a decision to lend only minor support to this month 's failed effort to oust Panama 's Noriega , aides said . 
The shuttle Atlantis 's crew prepared to return to Earth today several hours earlier than planned to avoid high winds forecast at the landing site at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif . 
The five astronauts , who stowed gear and tested the spacecraft 's steering , said they were unconcerned about the touchy weather expected in the Mojave Desert . 
Commonwealth leaders issued a declaration giving South Africa six months to deliver on pledges to ease apartheid or face new reprisals . 
The 49-nation organization , meeting in Malaysia , called for tighter financial pressure immediately . 
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher alone dissented . 
East Germany 's leadership vowed swift action to ease travel to the West . 
Despite the pledge by the Communist rulers , tens of thousands of people across the country staged marches over the weekend to demand democratic freedoms . 
In Leipzig , more than 500 people met with local party officials to discuss internal changes . 
The Senate convicted federal Judge Alcee Hastings of Miami of eight impeachment articles , removing him from the bench . 
The chamber voted 69-26 Friday to convict the judge of perjury and bribery conspiracy . 
It marked the first time a U.S. official was impeached on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
Rep. Garcia and his wife were found guilty by a federal jury in New York of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech Corp. in return for official acts by the New York Democrat . 
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 interest-free loan from an officer of the defunct defense contractor . 
Authorities in Honduras launched an investigation into the cause of Saturday 's crash of a Honduran jetliner that killed 132 of the 146 people aboard . 
The Boeing 727 , en route to Honduras from Costa Rica via Nicaragua , smashed into the hills outside Tegucigalpa as it approached the capital 's airport in high winds and low clouds . 
The U.S. and Israel have been holding what an aide to Prime Minister Shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over Mideast peace moves . 
The Labor Party , meanwhile , threatened to support a parliamentary motion to topple the coalition unless Shamir showed flexibility on Arab-Israeli talks . 
Nicaragua 's Defense Ministry said a group of Contra rebels ambushed two trucks carrying troops in northern Nicaragua , killing 18 of the soldiers . 
The incident occurred Saturday night . 
The Sandinista government and the U.S.-backed insurgents agreed in March to suspend offensive operations , but there has been sporadic fighting . 
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , Immunex Corp. said . 
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor , which directs the growth and function of white blood cells . 
Died : Alfred Hayes , 79 , former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Saturday , in New Canaan , Conn . 
Contel Corp. said third-quarter net income increased 16 % to $ 72 million , or 45 cents a share , from $ 62 million , or 39 cents a share , as a result of strong growth in telephone-access lines and long-distance minutes of use . 
The telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of $ 4 million , or two cents a share , from the sale of Contel Credit , a leasing and financial-services subsidiary . 
Revenue rose 8.3 % to $ 780 million from $ 720 million . 
Telephone-operations quarterly profit increased 9 % to $ 84 million from $ 77 million , while federal-systems earnings declined 33 % to $ 4 million from $ 6 million . 
Information systems posted a loss of $ 8 million , compared with a loss of $ 9 million a year earlier . 
Customer-access lines increased at an annualized rate of about 4 % and minutes of long-distance use rose about 12 % . 
A 10 % gain in operating profit in the quarter was offset by a 21 % boost in interest expense , reflecting higher consolidated borrowings and interest rates . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Contel closed at $ 33.75 a share , down .50 cents . 
In East Germany , where humor has long been the only way to express political criticism , they 're not laughing about their new leader Egon Krenz . 
Mr. Krenz is such a contradictory figure that nobody has even come up with any good jokes about him . 
`` You have to have clear feelings about someone before you can make jokes , '' says an East German mother of two who loves swapping political barbs with her friends . 
`` With Krenz , we just do n't know what to expect . '' 
Mr. Krenz does n't seem to be the knee-jerk hardliner many initially thought he was when the 52-year-old Politburo member was selected last week to succeed Erich Honecker . 
But he does n't appear to be ready to make broad changes either . 
According to East Germany 's ADN news agency , Mr. Krenz spoke to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged East Germany could learn from Moscow 's glasnost policies . 
Already last week , Mr. Krenz started overhauling East Germany 's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media . 
On Thursday , a day after he took office , East German television broke into regular programming to launch a talk show in which viewers call in questions for a panel of officials to answer . 
The regular nightly news program and daily newspapers are also getting a visible injection of Soviet-style glasnost . 
`` It was quite a shock , '' says a 43-year-old East German shopkeeper . 
`` For the first time in my life , I was n't sure whether I was listening to our news or West German television . '' 
Other changes , including easing restrictions on travel for East Germans , are expected . 
But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz . 
And that 's a problem . 
Mr. Krenz is not only closely identified with his mentor , Mr. Honecker , but also blamed for ordering violent police action against protesters this month and for praising China for sending tanks against student demonstrators . 
`` I hope he grows with the job , '' says Rainer Eppelmann , a Protestant pastor in East Berlin . 
`` The most important thing is that he have a chance . '' 
Although Mr. Krenz is dedicated to East Germany 's conservative vein of communism , there is much about his style that sets him apart from his party comrades . 
Unlike Mr. Honecker , who tended to lecture people about socialist values , Mr. Krenz enjoys asking questions . 
Indeed , one of his first actions as leader was to visit a gritty machine factory on the outskirts of Berlin and wander among the workers -- a la Gorbachev . 
He was later shown on television , fielding questions . 
At one point , he asked a worker whether he thought East Germans were fleeing the country because of restrictive travel policies . 
The worker 's tart reply : `` It 's more than just travel . 
People have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society . '' 
The exchange was all the more remarkable in that authorities released television footage to Western news agencies . 
This same tendency toward openness impressed a group of visiting U.S. congressmen this spring . 
Rather than trying to `` lecture us , '' says one congressional aide who attended the two-hour meeting , Mr. Krenz `` wanted to listen . '' 
Rep. Ronnie Flippo -LRB- D. , Ala. -RRB- , one of the members of the delegation , says he was particularly impressed by Mr. Krenz 's ready admission that East Germany needed to change . 
`` He 's a very tough man , but one who 's also open to arguments , '' adds an aide to West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl . 
But there 's another side to Mr. Krenz . 
Born in a Baltic town in an area which is now part of Poland , he has dedicated his life to the party apparatus . 
He moved quickly through the ranks with the help of his patron , Mr. Honecker , and emerged as the heir apparent . 
Barbara Donovan , an expert on East Germany at Radio Free Europe in Munich , says Mr. Krenz may project a smooth image , but she doubts he 's a true reformer . 
Even if he is , she adds , he appears to have only limited room for maneuver within the Communist Party 's ruling Politburo . 
Against this background , the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government 's standing . 
The sudden growth of the opposition movement , together with the steady outflow of citizens escaping through Poland and Hungary , has plunged the country into its deepest political crisis since an anti-Soviet workers ' uprising in 1953 . 
`` He does n't have any honeymoon period , '' says a Western diplomat based in East Berlin . 
`` But if he 's sharp and quick , he has a chance . '' 
The diplomat adds that Mr. Krenz has several things going for him . 
The East German economy is strong compared with other East bloc nations . 
And his relative youth could help him project a more vibrant image , contrasting with the perception of Mr. Honecker as an out-of-touch old man . 
For average East Germans , Mr. Krenz remains a puzzle . 
`` Either he was n't being real in the past , or he is n't being real right now , '' says a 30-year-old East German doctor . 
`` Either way , I have a problem with how quickly he 's changed . '' 
The doctor was among dozens of people milling through East Berlin 's Gethsemane Church Saturday morning . 
The walls of the church are covered with leaflets , news clippings , and handwritten notes associated with the country 's political opposition . 
`` I have to come here to read the walls , '' says the doctor , `` because it 's information I still ca n't get through the newspapers . '' 
Meanwhile , East Germany 's growing openness may even allow the state-controlled news media to display a muted sense of humor . 
Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin 's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production . 
East Germans remember a comment a few years ago by Kurt Hager , the government 's top ideologist , that just because a neighbor hangs new wallpaper , there 's no reason to change your own . 
His point was there is no reason for East Germany to copy Soviet-style changes . 
`` It 's hard to know whether it was intended to be funny , '' says the East Berlin shopkeeper , `` But everyone I know laughed about it . 
The list of laboratories claiming to be producing inexplicable amounts of heat from `` cold fusion '' experiments is slowly growing . 
But the experiments continue to be plagued by lack of firm evidence that the extra heat is coming from the fusing of hydrogen atoms . 
New experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find hints of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a Texas experiment to support University of Utah chemists ' claim of achieving hydrogen fusion at room temperatures . 
The latest developments in cold fusion research were presented in 24 reports delivered at the fall meeting here of the Electrochemical Society , the first scientific meeting in five months to hear formal reports on cold fusion experiments . 
The meeting offered stark evidence of a dramatic fall in scientific interest in cold fusion research . 
Of the 1,300 chemists registered for the society 's weeklong meeting , fewer than 200 sat through the day and a half of cold fusion presentations at week 's end . 
This was in contrast with the society 's meeting last May , at the height of the controversy , when more than 1,500 scientists , along with scores of reporters and TV crews , crowded into a Los Angeles hotel ballroom for a tumultuous special night session on the subject . 
Neither of the two chemists whose Utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , Martin Fleischmann and B. Stanley Pons , were at the meeting . 
But some members of an ad hoc expert committee set up by the Department of Energy to evaluate the cold fusion research were in the audience . 
The committee is to recommend at the end of the month whether DOE should support cold fusion research . 
Most of the two dozen scientists taking the podium reported results with new , more sophisticated variations of the seemingly simple electrolysis-of-water experiments described last March by Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons . 
The experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal with a wire of platinum and plunging the two electrodes into `` heavy '' water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form known as deuterium . 
When an electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum electrodes , the heavy water did begin to break u