nanimously re-elected Mr. Dubinsky , the union chairman who has led the pilots ' 2 1\/2-year fight to take control of the airline . 
UAL 's advisers have indicated previously that it may take a while to come forward with a revised plan since they want to have firm bank commitments before launching a new bid . 
They have maintained that banks remain interested in financing the transaction . 
The buy-out fell through after Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the lead banks in the transaction , failed to obtain $ 7.2 billion in financing needed for the plan . 
Italy 's industrial wholesale sales index rose 13.2 % in June from a year earlier , the state statistical institute Istat said . 
The June increase compared with a rise of 10.5 % in May from a year earlier . 
Domestic wholesale sales rose 11.9 % from a year earlier , while foreign sales jumped 17.3 % , Istat said . 
For the first six months , wholesale sales rose 12.3 % from the year before , reflecting to a 11.5 % jump in domestic sales and a 14.6 % boost in foreign sales . 
Sales of capital goods to foreign and domestic destinations increased 16.6 % in the January-June period from a year earlier . 
Sales of consumer goods rose 6.9 % in the same period , while sales of intermediate goods were up 13.8 % from a year ago . 
Senate Democrats favoring a cut in the capital-gains tax have decided , under pressure from their leaders , not to offer their own proposal , placing another obstacle in the path of President Bush 's legislative priority . 
A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets . 
The plan was complete except for finishing touches , and there was talk that it would be unveiled as early as yesterday . 
But Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- , a vigorous opponent of the capital-gains tax cut , called the group to meet with him Wednesday night and again yesterday . 
Sen. Mitchell urged them to desist . 
Afterward , leaders of the dissident Democrats relented , and said they would n't offer their own proposal as they had planned . 
The decision is a setback for President Bush , who needs the support of Democrats to pass the tax cut through the Democratic-controlled Senate . 
Having a proposal sponsored by Democrats would have given the president an advantage . 
Having only a Republican measure makes the task harder . 
Still , Sen. Bob Packwood -LRB- R. , Ore. -RRB- , the lead sponsor of the Republican capital-gains amendment , predicted that the tax cut would be enacted this year . 
He said a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction and that ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any procedural hurdle the Democratic leadership might erect . 
But Sen. Mitchell , buoyed by his victory among fellow Democrats , strongly disagreed . 
Mr. Mitchell has been predicting that the president 's initiative would fail this year . 
Yesterday , in an interview , he added that the Democrats ' decision `` increases the likelihood that a capital-gains tax cut will not pass this year . '' 
Mr. Mitchell 's first victory came last week , when the Senate passed a deficit-reduction bill that did n't contain a capital-gains provision . 
That vote made it unlikely that a capital-gains tax cut would be included in the final bill , now being drafted by House and Senate negotiators . 
The House version of the bill does include the tax cut . 
Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill , perhaps a measure raising the federal borrowing limit or a second tax bill that would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation . 
To help lay the groundwork for that fight , President Bush plans early next week to meet at the White House with some 20 Democratic senators who favor cutting the capital-gains tax or are undecided on the issue . 
The president apparently will have only one bill to push , Sen. Packwood 's , and at least some of the dissident Democrats plan to support it . 
`` I may want to offer additional amendments to improve it when the bill comes to the floor , '' said Sen. David Boren -LRB- D. , Okla. -RRB- , a leader of those Democrats . 
The Packwood plan , as expected , would allow individuals to exclude from income 5 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held , until it reached a maximum of 35 % after seven years . 
The exclusion would apply to assets sold after Oct. 1 . 
As an alternative , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % . 
That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29 % for corporate assets held for 15 years . 
The Packwood plan also would include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth -LRB- R. , Del. -RRB- , that would create new tax benefits for individual retirement accounts . 
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home , education expenses and medical expenses . 
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs , but would be subject to tax though no penalty . 
Westmoreland Coal Co. , realizing benefits of a sustained effort to cut costs and boost productivity , reported sharply improved third-quarter results . 
The producer and marketer of low-sulfur coal said net income for the quarter was $ 5.9 million , or 71 cents a share , on revenue of $ 145.4 million . 
For the year-earlier period , the company reported a loss of $ 520,000 or six cents a share . 
In the latest nine months , the company earned $ 8.5 million , or $ 1.03 a share . 
Last year 's net loss of $ 3,524,000 included a benefit of $ 1,640,000 from an accounting change . 
Revenue for the nine months rose to $ 449 million from $ 441.1 million . 
In an interview , Pemberton Hutchinson , president and chief executive , cited several reasons for the improvement : higher employee productivity and `` good natural conditions '' in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest . 
In the latest nine months , Mr. Hutchinson said , total coal sales rose to about 14.6 million tons from about 14.3 million tons a year earlier . 
In addition , long-term debt has been trimmed to about $ 72 million from $ 96 million since Jan. 1 . 
He predicted the debt ratio will improve further in coming quarters . 
Westmoreland 's strategy is to retain and expand its core business of mining and selling low-sulphur coal in the Appalachia region . 
The operating territory includes coal terminals on the Ohio River and in Newport News , Va . 
Westmoreland exports about a fourth of its coal tonnage , including a significant amount of metallurgical coal produced by others that is used by steelmakers overseas . 
For the past couple of years , Westmoreland has undertaken an aggressive streamlining of all aspects of its business . 
Marginal operations and assets have been sold . 
The size of the company 's board has been reduced to eight directors from 13 . 
About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated . 
Even perks have been reduced . 
For example , the chief executive himself now pays 20 % of the cost of his health benefits ; the company used to pay 100 % . 
`` I think the ship is now righted , the bilges are pumped and we are on course , '' Mr. Hutchinson said of the restructuring program . 
`` Much of what we set out to do is completed . '' 
But he cautioned that Westmoreland 's third quarter is typically better than the fourth , so investors `` should n't just multiply the third quarter by four '' and assume the same rate of improvement can be sustained . 
One difference , he said , is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season . 
`` I do n't want to give the impression that everybody can relax now , '' he said . 
`` We have to keep working at improving our core business to stay efficient . 
It 's a process that never really ends . '' 
Nevertheless , Mr. Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be `` solidly profitable '' for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring `` more of the same . '' 
For all of 1988 , the company reported an after-tax operating loss of $ 134,000 on revenue of $ 593.5 million . 
An accounting adjustment made net income $ 1.5 million , or 18 cents a share . 
In a move that complements the company 's basic strategy , its Westmoreland Energy Inc. unit is developing four coal-fired cogeneration plants with a partner in Virginia . 
Some of the coal the plants buy will come from Westmoreland mines . 
Mr. Hutchinson predicted that the unit 's contribution to company results in the 1990s `` will be exciting . '' 
He said Westmoreland is looking at investment stakes in other cogeneration plants east of the Mississippi River . 
Westmoreland expects energy demand to grow annually in the 2.5 % range in the early 1990s . 
`` We see coal 's piece of the action growing , '' Mr. Hutchinson said . 
`` Coal prices , while not skyrocketing , will grow modestly in real terms , we think . 
Chase Manhattan Corp. , after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower Manhattan operations building , has exercised its option to purchase the 50-story office tower . 
Chase had purchased an option to buy the building at One New York Plaza for an undisclosed sum from the late Sol Atlas as part of its original lease in 1970 . 
The current transaction cost the bank approximately $ 140 million . 
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
The building houses about 4,500 Chase workers , most of whom will be moved to downtown Brooklyn after the bank 's new back office center is completed in 1993 . 
The move is part of Chase 's strategy to consolidate its back offices under one roof . 
The headquarters is located a few blocks away at 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza . 
As part of its decision to leave the building , Chase tried to sell its interest , along with the Atlas estate 's interest , shortly after the October 1987 stock market crash . 
Chase Senior Vice President George Scandalios said the bank decided to exercise its option after bids fell short of expectations . 
He said Chase and the Atlas estate were looking to sell the entire building for $ 400 million to $ 475 million , but did n't get an offer for more than $ 375 million . 
As the building 's new owner , Chase will have its work cut out for it . 
Chase is vacating 1.1 million square feet of space , and Salomon Brothers Inc. , whose headquarters is in the building , also plans to move shortly . 
In addition , another major building tenant , Thomson McKinnon Inc. 's Thomson McKinnon Securities , likely will vacate the premises as part of its liquidation . 
New York real estate brokerage Edward S. Gordon Co. will have the difficult task of finding new tenants . 
Even with its striking views of the New York harbor , the building is considered antiquated by modern office standards . 
And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos from the premises . 
WALL STREET , SHAKE hands with George Orwell . 
The author of the futuristic novel `` 1984 '' invented a language called Newspeak that made it impossible to fully develop a heretical thought -- that is , anything negative about the policies and practices of the state . 
Wall Street has n't gotten that far yet , but it has made a promising start . 
Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous , reassuring , and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are . 
When something undeniably nasty happens , a few euphemisms are deployed to simply make it disappear , much as a fresh grave may be covered by a blanket of flowers . 
For example , we 'll bet you thought that the stock market crashed two years ago . 
Wrong . 
According to some of the grand panjandrums of the market , it never happened . 
In their lexicon the 508-point collapse in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 19 , 1987 , was just a big blip . 
Trotting out a much-beloved Streetspeak term , New York Stock Exchange Chairman John Phelan recently declared that history would record the event as only `` a major technical correction . '' 
-LRB- Another much-beloved saying , however , this one in plain English , holds that if something walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it is a duck . 
On Oct. 29 , 1929 -- a date historians stubbornly insist on associating with the dreaded C-word -- the DJ industrials fell 12.8 % . 
In the `` technical correction '' of two years ago , they lost a whopping 22.6 % . -RRB- 
Customers hear a lot of this stuff from people who try to sell them stock . 
These people used to be called brokers , but apparently this word either is not grandiose enough or carries too many negative connotations from the aforementioned technical correction , when terrified customers could n't raise brokers on the phone . 
Either way , the word `` broker '' is clearly out of favor . 
Of the major New York-based securities firms , only Morgan Stanley & Co. still calls its salespeople brokers . 
At Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , they are `` financial consultants . '' 
At Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , Prudential Bache Securities , and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , they are `` account executives . '' 
At PaineWebber Inc. , they are `` investment executives . '' 
Such titles are designed to convey a sense of dignified , broad-scale competence and expertise in selling today 's myriad financial products . 
It is a competence and expertise that some brokers themselves , overwhelmed by all the new things being dreamed up for them to peddle , do n't feel . 
`` It s almost product de jour , '' grouses one account executive at Dean Witter . 
The transmogrified brokers never let the C-word cross their lips , instead stressing such terms as `` safe , '' `` insured '' and `` guaranteed '' -- even though these terms may be severely limited in their application to a particular new financial product . 
The names of some of these products do n't suggest the risk involved in buying them , either . 
A case in point : `` government-plus '' bond funds . 
What could imply more safety than investing in government bonds ? 
What could be better than getting a tad more income from them -LRB- the plus -RRB- than other people ? 
Indeed , conservative investors , many of them elderly , have poured more than $ 50 billion into such funds , which promise fatter yields than ordinary Treasury bonds -- only to learn later that these funds use part of their money to dabble in high-risk bond options , a gambler 's game . 
When a certain class of investment performs so poorly that its reputation is tarnished , look for Wall Street to give it a new moniker . 
This seems to be happening now to limited partnerships , many of which either have gone into the tank in recent years or have otherwise been grievous disappointments . 
They are still being sold , but more and more often as `` direct investments '' -- with all the same risks they had under the old label . 
In such cases , the game has n't changed , only the name . 
In others a familiar old name still prevails , but the underlying game has changed . 
For example , `` no load '' mutual funds remain a favorite with investors because they do n't carry a frontend sales commission . 
Getting out of them , however , may be a different story now . 
Traditional no-loads made their money by charging an annual management fee , usually a modest one ; they imposed no other fees , and many still do n't . 
In recent years , though , a passel of others flying the no-load flag have been imposing hefty charges -- all the way up to 6 % -- when an investor sells his shares . 
Should n't they properly be called exit-load funds ? 
The mutual-fund industry is debating the question , but do n't expect a new name while the old one is working so well . 
And do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of widows , orphans and trust departments -- but shorn of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture . 
Also , blue chips in general have suffered much more short-term price volatility in recent years . 
Larry Biehl , a money manager in San Mateo , Calif. , blames that on the advent of program trading , in which computers used by big institutional investors are programmed to buy and sell big blocks when certain market conditions prevail . 
Blue chips , he says , `` are now being referred to as poker chips . '' 
Finally , even the time-honored strategy called `` value investing '' no longer means what it once did . 
Before the takeover mania of the '80s , it referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks , especially those with shrewd management , sound fundamentals and decent prospects . 
Now , says Mr. Biehl , value investing often means `` looking for downtrodden companies with terrible management that are in real trouble . '' 
To institutional investors or brokers , he adds , a company with value is a company at risk of being swallowed up . 
Ms. Bettner covers personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau . 
I was amused to read your recent news stories on the banking industry 's reserve additions and concomitant threats to cease making new loans to less-developed countries . 
If the whole story were told , it would read something like this : 
-- During the 1970s the commercial banks lured the country loan business away from the bond markets where the discipline of a prospectus and `` Use of Proceeds '' confirmation allowed lenders to audit expenditures of old loans before new loans were made . 
-- The reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings -LRB- and management bonuses -RRB- ; the price , a sea of bad loans . 
-- For the past several years , the banks , lacking a private navy to enforce their interests , have been pressuring the U.S. Treasury to underwrite their bad LDC credits . 
-- The Treasury wisely has refused , but has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or debt-service reduction or new loans -LRB- the Brady Plan -RRB- . 
-- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along . 
George A. Wiegers 
Gillette Co. elected Warren E. Buffett , chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , to its board , increasing the number of directors to 12 from 11 . 
Berkshire Hathaway earlier this year bought $ 600 million of preferred stock in Gillette that is convertible into an 11 % stake , and Gillette said at the time that Mr. Buffett would be added to the board . 
Separately , Gillette said its third-quarter earnings rose 2 % to $ 65.2 million , or 57 cents a share , from $ 63.9 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period ; per-share earnings remained flat despite an increase in net income in part because the company paid a $ 10.4 million dividend on the new preferred stock in the period . 
Sales rose 9 % to $ 921.6 million from $ 845.7 million , with sales of the company 's international\/diversified operations `` well above '' the year earlier-period . 
For the nine months , Gillette 's net income declined 1 % to $ 205.3 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 207 million , or $ 1.82 a share , in the 1988 period . 
Sales rose 6 % to $ 2.77 billion from $ 2.61 billion . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 45.50 a share , up 25 cents . 
When Walter Yetnikoff , the president of Sony Corp. 's CBS Records , last month told producer Peter Guber that Sony was about to make a $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia Pictures and needed someone to run the studio , Mr. Guber jumped at the chance . 
Within two days , he was on his way to New York and Tokyo to meet with top brass at Sony . 
And before the week was out , Sony had offered Mr. Guber and his partner , Jon Peters , the most lucrative employment contracts in the history of the movie business . 
Not only that , Sony also agreed to give them a stake in Columbia 's future profits and buy their company , Guber Peters Entertainment Co. , for $ 200 million , almost 40 % more than the market value of the company . 
There was just one sticking point : The two had a prior commitment . 
Just seven months earlier , they had signed a five-year exclusive contract to make movies for Warner Bros. for which they had just produced the smash hit `` Batman . '' 
But Mr. Guber figured that Warner Communications Inc. chairman Steven Ross , would empathize and let the producers go , knowing the Sony offer was `` the culmination of a life 's work . '' 
He figured wrong . 
Last week , following fruitless settlement talks , Warner , now merging with Time Inc. , filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters . 
Sony promptly countersued , charging Warner with trying to sabotage its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the U.S. movie business . 
The accusations of lying and duplicity are flying thick and fast on both sides : As one Sony executive puts it , `` It 's World War III . '' 
That two successful producers who are n't all that well known outside Hollywood could occasion such a clash of corporate titans suggests how desperate the quest for proven talent is in the movie business . 
And they are a very odd team in any case . 
Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York . 
He is a lawyer with a string of academic degrees . 
Mr. Peters is a high-school dropout who came to fame as Barbra Streisand 's hairdresser . 
Yet , they are far and away the most prolific producers in Hollywood . 
And despite their share of duds , they make movies that make money . 
That is a skill Sony badly needs -- and Warner is loath to lose . 
Although Columbia had a good summer with `` Ghostbusters II '' and `` When Harry Met Sally , '' rivals such as Warner , Paramount Pictures , Walt Disney Co. and Universal Studios have been thrashing Columbia at the box office . 
After five years of management turmoil , with four different studio heads , Columbia sorely needs a stable , savvy team to restore its credibility and get it back in the business of making hits . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters are n't universally loved in Hollywood but they are well connected . 
Their stock in trade as `` executive producers '' is sniffing out hot properties , locking them up and then getting big studios to bankroll and distribute them . 
Sometimes Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do little more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a `` Flashdance , '' or buy rights to a best seller such as `` The Color Purple . '' 
It falls to others to do the writing , directing and producing . 
With MGM\/UA 's `` Rainman , '' for instance , Messrs. Guber and Peters had virtually nothing to do with day-to-day production , but their names still appear in big letters on the credits , and they are inevitably associated with its success . 
Sometimes , as with `` Batman , '' the pair really do make the film . 
In that case , Guber Peters acquired the rights in 1979 , nursed the movie through a dozen scripts , and were on the set in London for 11 months hovering over the most minute changes in casting and production . 
`` They 're the best production talent around , '' says Brian De Palma , beholden to Guber Peters for hiring him to direct the Warner movie of Tom Wolfe 's novel `` Bonfire of the Vanities . '' 
On that film , which is to start shooting in a few months , `` they 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the script . 
And when you 're making a movie this big , you need all the help you can get , '' Mr. De Palma adds . 
`` I wish they were around 24 hours a day . '' 
And some movies seem to have been hurt by their inattention . 
Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's and Mr. Peters 's lack of involvement in `` Caddyshack II '' for casting and production problems and the film 's ultimate dismal failure . 
`` We 've had a few bombs , '' admits Mr. Peters . 
`` But by and large this company has only been profitable . '' 
He says his company 's prowess at packaging and marketing `` is why we 'll be good at Columbia . 
We practically ran our own studio . '' 
Longtime Hollywood associates describe Mr. Guber as the intellectual powerhouse of the two , a man with a flair for deal-making and marketing . 
`` Peter is a major piece of Hollywood manpower who has really earned his success , '' says Robert Bookman , an agent at Creative Artists Agency . 
Mark Johnson , the producer of `` Rainman , '' chimes in : `` He has a great ability to hire terrific people and delegate authority ... . 
It 's no accident that they 've been able to develop such successful material . '' 
Mr. Peters , on the other hand , has fewer fans in Hollywood , and his detractors like to characterize him as something of a hot-tempered bully . 
He gets better reviews as a creative whiz , an enthusiast , an idea man . 
He also had to fight harder for credibility than his partner did . 
Barbra Streisand made him famous . 
He cut her hair . 
He lived with her . 
He came to produce her records and her movies -- `` A Star Is Born '' and `` The Main Event . '' 
Thrice married but now single , Mr. Peters got plenty of ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress Kim Basinger during the making of `` Batman . '' 
Mr. Guber , by contrast , has been married to one woman for more than 20 years . 
But for all their intellectual and stylistic differences , they make the perfect `` good cop , bad cop '' team , Hollywood associates say . 
`` Peter is the bright , sympathetic guy when you 're doing a deal , '' says one agent . 
`` If there 's a problem , Peter disappears , and all of a sudden Jon shows up . '' 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters rub many people in Hollywood the wrong way . 
Producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer , who shepherded `` Flashdance '' through several scripts and ultimately produced the movie , bristle when Messrs. Guber and Peters take credit for the film . 
Says Mr. Simpson : `` The script was unreadable . 
We reinvented it . 
We are the producers of that movie . 
They got a small piece of the net profits and a screen credit '' as executive producers . 
When Roger Birnbaum , an executive who worked for Guber Peters in the early 1980s , left to take a job as head of production at the United Artists studio , they made him forfeit all credits and financial interest in the films he had helped develop , including `` Rainman '' and `` Batman . '' 
Mr. Peters acknowledges that and says it 's not unlike the situation he and Mr. Guber are in with Warner . 
`` I was upset with Roger , I fumpered and schmumpered , '' says Mr. Peters . 
`` But he wanted to pursue his own dream , and he went . '' 
Still , Mr. Birnbaum says his relationship with Guber Peters was `` one of the most successful I 've had in Hollywood . '' 
The two `` have a wonderful chemistry -- Jon is very impulsive , and Peter is very compulsive , '' adds Mr. Birnbaum , who is now head of production at News Corp. 's 20th Century Fox Film Co . 
`` Jon Peters will come barreling into a room , say he 's got a great idea , and be gone . 
Peter will take the kernel of that idea and make it grow into something specific ... . '' 
Mr. Birnbaum recalls that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters shifted into high gear a few years back upon learning that they had competition for the story of the murdered naturalist Dian Fossey , which became `` Gorillas in the Mist . '' 
He says , `` Within a few weeks , we made deals with the government of Rwanda and everyone who had ever met or talked to Dian Fossey . 
I think Peter even made some deals with the gorillas . '' 
Universal Studios was working on a competing film , but the studio and its producers ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Guber Peters and Warner . 
More recently , Guber Peters beat out a dozen other producers , reportedly including Robert Redford and Ted Turner , for rights to the life story of Chico Mendes , the murdered Brazilian union leader who fought developers in the Amazon rain forest . 
Messrs. Guber and Peters assiduously courted the man 's widow for months , showing her a tape of `` Gorillas in the Mist '' to impress her with the quality of their work . 
Money helped , too . 
Ultimately , they paid more than $ 1 million for the rights . 
-LRB- The sale caused a rift between the widow and some of her husband 's followers . 
Some of the money will go to the Chico Mendes Foundation , but it is n't earmarked for groups trying to save the rain forest . -RRB- 
It 's hardly astonishing -LRB- given the men 's track record -RRB- that Sony wants Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
But it is puzzling to some Hollywood executives that Sony rushed to hire them without clearing up the Warner situation first . 
Some note that Sony might have saved itself some trouble by just hiring Mr. Guber and letting Mr. Peters stay on to fulfill the Warner contract . 
But though `` people in town may ask why Guber needs Peters , it 's good to have a partner , and obviously the chemistry works , '' says Steven Tisch , a producer who once worked for Mr. Guber . 
`` This business is n't about personalities at the end of the day -- it s about whether the ink is red or black . 
In the case of Peter and Jon , the ink has been very , very black . '' 
Mr. Guber got his start in the movie business at Columbia two decades ago . 
Recruited from New York University 's MBA program , he rose within two years to head of production , overseeing such films as `` The Way We Were , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Tommy '' and `` Shampoo . '' 
In 1976 , he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as `` The Deep , '' and `` Midnight Express . '' 
In 1980 , Mr. Guber got together with Mr. Peters , by then a successful producer in his own right , after the death of Mr. Bogart . 
While Guber Peters produced a number of hits for Warner and others , their record was n't always so impressive . 
Among their clinkers were `` The Legend of Billie Jean , '' `` VisionQuest , '' `` Clue '' and `` Clan of the Cave Bear . '' 
And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers as ingrates . 
The studio says it stuck with them `` even in the early years when the creative partnership was not particularly profitable for Warner . '' 
Mr. Guber replies that `` this is a Goliath , this Time Warner , trying to chew up two fellows who have done only well for them for a long period of time . '' 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters maintain that executives at Warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that Warner never felt threatened until they linked up with Sony . 
`` From the beginning , -LCB- they -RCB- knew we had a goal and a dream , '' says Mr. Guber . 
On a number of occasions , he adds , he tried to get Warner to buy Guber Peters outright . 
`` They always listened , but they never acted , '' Mr. Guber says . 
In 1987 , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters contributed their company 's assets in exchange for a 28 % stake in Barris Entertainment , a small-fry TV production company controlled by Giant Industries Inc. Chairman Burt Sugarman . 
In July a year later , Warner agreed to release the producers from their old contract when Messrs. Guber , Peters and Sugarman made a $ 100 million offer to buy 25 % of MGM\/UA . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters planned to run the nearly dormant MGM studio , and the two even tried to interest Warner Bros . ' President Terry Semel in becoming a partner after he advised them on the deal . 
But the MGM plan collapsed just two weeks later . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say they got a look at the books and balked at the price . 
Their relationship with Mr. Sugarman soured shortly thereafter . 
Last May , he sold his 24 % stake in Barris to a passive Australian investor and Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters had agreed to extend their Warner agreement with the new five-year exclusive contract . 
The new deal was considered the most generous of its kind , both financially and in terms of creative freedom . 
But it paled by comparison to what Sony was to offer last month : the chance , at last , to run a major studio , about $ 50 million in deferred compensation , up to 10 % of Columbia 's future cash flow , 8 % of the future appreciation of Columbia 's market value , and annual salaries of $ 2.7 million for each . 
The producers ' 28 % share of publicly held Guber Peters would net them an additional $ 50 million . 
Sony also agreed to indemnify the producers against any liability to Warner . 
Sony is paying a hefty price for a company that had revenue of only $ 42 million last year . 
And earnings have been erratic . 
In the the latest quarter , thanks in part to `` Batman , '' Guber Peters earned $ 5.8 million , or 50 cents a share , compared to a loss of $ 6.8 million , or 62 cents a share , in last year 's quarter . 
Guber Peters stock , which traded as low as $ 6 a share last year , closed yesterday at $ 16.625 . 
The two sides now are accusing each other of lying . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters claim they have an oral agreement with Warner executives that allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise . 
But in affidavits filed yesterday in the Los Angeles court , Mr. Ross , Warner Bros. Chairman Robert Daly and President Semel deny that such an oral agreement was ever made . 
Warner , in its court filings , calls it `` a piece of fiction created for this litigation . '' 
Mr. Daly in his affidavit acknowledges that Warner agreed to release the producers last year to take over MGM but says that situation was altogether different . 
For one thing , according to Mr. Daly , the producers requested a release in advance . 
Moreover , the old contract was about to expire , and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner was n't as strong as it is now . 
Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights , and it was `` in Warner 's interest to accommodate MGM\/UA , Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives , '' Mr. Daly said in his affidavit . 
Warner obviously does n't think that it is in its own interests to let Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters go off to Columbia . 
At the very least , Mr. Ross clearly sees an opportunity to use the two men to get a pound of flesh from Sony . 
During settlement talks , for example , Warner demanded such things as cable TV rights to Columbia movies and Columbia 's interest in the studio it jointly owns with Warner , according to executives involved in the talks . 
In any settlement , Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so projects Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters have locked up for the next few years , notably sequels to `` Batman . '' 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner . 
And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts . 
The last time Columbia Pictures was looking for a studio chief , they note , Warner released producer David Puttnam from his contract , then took him back after he was subsequently fired by his bosses at Columbia . 
In his affidavit filed yesterday , Warner 's Mr. Ross indicated he is n't buying any such argument : `` If Sony succeeds here , no written contract in Hollywood will be worth the paper it 's written on . 
THE SALES PITCH could n't sound better . 
First , there 's the name : `` asset-backed securities . '' 
Better than all those offers you get to buy securities backed by nothing . 
And there 's more . 
The assets backing the securities come from some of the country 's biggest -- and most secure -- institutions . 
Most earn high ratings from credit agencies . 
Their yields are higher than those of U.S. Treasury issues . 
And the booming market has already attracted many of the nation 's biggest institutional investors . 
Ready to jump ? 
Well , think twice . 
The concept may be simple : Take a bunch of loans , tie them up in one neat package , and sell pieces of the package to investors . 
But the simplicity may be misleading . 
Skeptics say the slightly higher returns are n't enough to compensate for the extra risk . 
They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate . 
Moreover , the securities were introduced only about 4 1\/2 years ago ; the biggest unknown is how they will fare in a recession . 
`` A lot of this stuff really is in untested waters , '' says Owen Carney , director of the investment securities division of the U.S. comptroller of the currency . 
`` We do n't know how this whole market will work in a serious economic downturn . '' 
Such concerns , however , have n't stopped asset-backed securities from becoming one of Wall Street 's hottest new products . 
Since the spring of 1985 , financial alchemists have transformed a wide variety of debt into these new securities . 
They have sold issues backed by car loans , boat loans and recreational-vehicle loans . 
They have offered bundles of homeequity loans , as well as packages of loans used to buy vacation time-shares . 
Last year , there was an issue of `` death-backed bonds '' -- securities backed by loans to life-insurance policyholders . 
Some predict there will be `` Third World bonds , '' backed by loans to Brazil , Argentina and other debt-ridden nations . 
And the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit-card receivables , sometimes known as `` plastic bonds . '' 
`` This is the heyday of debt , '' says James Grant , editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , a newsletter . 
`` Before the sun sets on the '80s , it seems nothing will be left unhocked . '' 
The result is a $ 45 billion market , according to Securities Data Co . 
That includes more than $ 9.5 billion issued through August of this year , up sharply from $ 6.5 billion in the comparable 1988 period -- and more than in all of 1987 . 
Most issues have been sold to professional money managers , pension funds , bank trust departments and other institutions . 
But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market . 
The entry fee is affordable : Issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 . 
`` We expect additional offerings '' of asset-backed securities targeted toward individual investors , says Bill Addiss , a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The process typically begins when an institution , such as Citibank or Sears , Roebuck & Co. , takes a pool of credit-card or other receivables and sells them to a specially created trust . 
The trust then issues securities -- generally due in five years or less -- that are underwritten by Wall Street brokerage firms and offered to investors . 
Issues typically come with `` credit enhancements , '' such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings . 
Enthusiasts say the booming market has opened up a valuable new source of funds to issuers , while providing a valuable new investment for individuals and institutions . 
Asset-backed securities `` are an attractive investment compared to bank certificates of deposit or other corporate bonds , '' says Craig J. Goldberg , managing director and head of the asset-backed securities group at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
But skeptics question whether asset-backed bonds offer sufficient rewards to compensate for the extra risks . 
Consider a $ 500 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by Citibank credit-card receivables . 
The triple-A-rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four-year Treasury issues . 
On a $ 10,000 investment , that 's a difference of only $ 50 a year . 
That kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose livelihood depends on outperforming the money manager across the street . 
But for individuals who buy much smaller amounts and care less about relative performance than in preserving what they have , that margin is meaningless . 
`` If you 're in the bond business playing the relative-performance derby , then even an extra 25 basis points -LRB- 0.25 percentage point -RRB- becomes an important consideration on a career basis , '' says Mr. Grant . 
`` But if you 're an individual investing money and trying to get it back again , then that is n't of overwhelming importance . '' 
Moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level . 
That 's why some investment managers , such as Alex Powers , a vice president of Chase Manhattan Bank 's private banking division , do n't recommend most asset-backed issues for individuals in high-tax states , such as New York or California . 
But Mr. Powers has purchased asset-backed issues for individuals with tax-deferred accounts , such as retirement plans . 
He points out that institutions buying asset-backed issues in large quantities can earn higher spreads over Treasurys than individuals buying smaller amounts . 
Another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash . 
The secondary , or resale , market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for Treasury issues . 
That could make it tricky for investors who need to sell their holdings quickly before the securities mature . 
That 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time-share loans . 
`` You could see massive gyrations here because it 's such a thinly traded market , '' says Jonathan S. Paris , a vice president of European Investors Inc. , a New York investment-management firm . 
In addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange , can simply check newspaper listings . 
There are n't any such listings for asset-backed securities . 
Evaluating asset-backed securities poses another problem . 
Investors , for instance , may mistakenly assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities . 
It is n't . 
The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and `` do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof . '' 
In other words , if there 's a problem , do n't expect Citibank to come to the rescue . 
The prospectus also notes that the securities are not guaranteed by any government agency . 
That means investors have to focus on the quality of the debt that lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit enhancement for the issue and the credit ratings the issue has received . 
That also is n't easy . 
Take the `` credit enhancements , '' which typically include a bank letter of credit or insurance from a bond-insurance company . 
The letter of credit typically is not offered by the bank selling the assets to back the securities . 
Nor does it cover the entire portfolio . 
Details of credit enhancements vary widely from issue to issue . 
Still , they play a crucial role in winning top ratings for most asset-backed issues -- which in turn is why the yield above Treasurys is so slim . 
But skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper . 
When you buy an asset-backed issue , you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties . 
If a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports . 
Underwriters insist these issues are constructed to withstand extremely tough economic conditions . 
But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets . 
At a time when Americans are leveraged to their eyeballs , asset-backed investors may be taking a heady gamble that consumers will be able to repay loans in hard times . 
At the very least , a recession would prompt investors to buy the highest-quality bonds they can find -- that is , Treasurys . 
That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter . 
But it could be much worse . 
Some analysts are especially wary of credit-card issues . 
For one thing , credit-card loans are unsecured . 
In addition , they fear that banks have been overeager to issue cards to the public -- giving cards to too many big spenders who will default during a recession . 
`` A day of reckoning is coming where we think the market will place a high premium on the highest-quality debt issues , and therefore we think the best debt investment is U.S. government bonds , '' says Craig Corcoran of Davis\/Zweig Futures Inc. , an investment advisory firm . 
What about triple-A-rated asset-backed issues ? 
`` Nope , we still say to stick with Treasurys , '' Mr. Corcoran replies . 
Ratings , he notes , `` are subject to change . '' 
All this makes asset-backed securities seem too risky for many people . 
And it reminds Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , a market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc. , of what he calls `` DeVoe 's Unprovable but Highly Probable Theory No. 1 : 
`` More money has been lost reaching for yield than in all the stock speculations , scams and frauds of all time . '' 
Mr. Herman is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Volume of asset-backed securities issued annually 
\* Principal amount 
\*\* As of August 30 
\* Principal amount 
Source : Securities Data Co . 
IF YOU FORCE financial planners to sum up their most important advice in a single sentence , it would probably be a one-word sentence : Diversify . 
Judging by a poll of Wall Street Journal readers conducted this summer by Erdos & Morgan Inc. , serious investors have taken that advice to heart . 
Nearly 1,000 investors responded to the Journal 's poll , providing an in-depth look at their portfolios . 
Those portfolios are remarkably diversified . 
By spreading their wealth among several investment alternatives , the respondents have protected themselves against squalls in any one area , be it stocks , bonds or real estate . 
For example , about 88 % of Journal readers owned stock -LRB- down slightly from 91 % in a similar poll last year -RRB- . 
But only 17.5 % said they had more than half their money in the stock market . 
Similarly , 57 % of respondents own shares in a money-market mutual fund , and 33 % own municipal bonds . 
But only 6 % to 7 % of the investors were committing more than half their funds to either of those alternatives . 
The poll , conducted Aug. 7-28 , also provides a glimpse into the thinking of serious investors on a variety of other topics . 
It found them in a cautious , but not downbeat , mood . 
Of 1,500 people sent a questionnaire , 951 replied . 
The response rate , more than 63 % , allows the results to be interpreted with a high degree of confidence . 
The results ca n't be extrapolated to all investors , though . 
Journal readers are relatively affluent , with a median household income of between $ 75,000 and $ 99,000 . 
Nearly half of the respondents -LRB- 47 % -RRB- said their investment portfolio was worth $ 250,000 or more , and 17 % said it was worth $ 1 million or more . 
The respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy and investment markets , but their collective judgments were a notch more sober than they were a year ago . 
For example , 12 % of this year 's respondents said they expect a recession within 12 months . 
Last year , only 8 % were expecting a recession . 
An additional 56 % of this year 's respondents expect the economy to slow down during the next 12 months . 
Only 42 % of last year 's respondents anticipated slowing growth . 
Apparently , the respondents do n't think that an economic slowdown would harm the major investment markets very much . 
A slim majority -LRB- 51 % -RRB- think stock prices will be higher in August 1990 than they were in August 1989 . 
Their verdict on real estate is almost the same . 
Some 50 % expect real estate in their local area to increase in value over the next 12 months . 
By contrast , only 32 % expect an increase in the price of gold . 
Since gold tends to soar when inflation is high , that finding suggests that people believe inflation remains under control . 
Even though only 12 % actually predicted a recession , many respondents were taking a better-safe-than sorry investment stance . 
Nearly a third said they have made some portfolio changes to anticipate a possible recession . 
For the most part , the changes were `` slight . '' 
The two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more recession-resistant were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' -LRB- about 31 % -RRB- and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' -LRB- about 15 % -RRB- or are `` unsure if and when a recession might come '' -LRB- about 22 % -RRB- . 
A buy-and-hold approach to stocks continues to be the rule among respondents . 
Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year . 
Some 71 % had bought some stock in the past year ; only 57 % had sold any . 
But the lurking shadow of 1987 's stock-market crash still seems dark . 
About 33 % considered another crash `` likely , '' while about 63 % said one is `` unlikely . '' 
Those percentages hardly changed from the previous year 's poll . 
And the respondents ' commitment to the stock market remains somewhat lighter than usual . 
About 60 % of them said they would `` ordinarily '' have at least 25 % of their money in stocks . 
But as of August , only 50 % actually had stock-market investments of that size . 
Most stock-market indexes were hitting all-time highs at around the time of the poll . 
But it appears that many Journal readers were taking that news as a sign to be cautious , rather than a signal to jump on the bandwagon . 
Mr. Dorfman covers investing issues from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Canadian steel ingot production totaled 276,334 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 14 , down 5.3 % from the preceding week 's total of 291,890 tons , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
The week 's total was down 7.1 % from 297,446 tons a year earlier . 
A metric ton is equal to 2,204.62 pounds . 
The cumulative total in 1989 was 12,283,217 tons , up 7.5 % from 11,429,243 tons a year earlier . 
Health Care Property Investors Inc. said it acquired three long-term care facilities and one assisted-living facility in a purchase-and-lease transaction valued at $ 15 million . 
The real estate investment trust said that it leased the three Florida facilities to National Health Care Affiliates Inc. of Buffalo , N.Y . 
Health Care Property holds an interest in 139 facilities in 30 states . 
Moody 's Investors Service said it lowered its rating on about $ 75 million of this Chatsworth , Calif. , concern 's convertible subordinated debentures , due 2012 , to Caa from B2 . 
It said the reduction reflects impaired business prospects and reduced financial flexibility caused by continuing losses at the maker of Winchester disk drives . 
VALLEY National Corp. -- 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered its rating on about $ 400 million of this bank holding company 's senior debt to B2 from Ba3 . 
Moody 's said it expects Valley National , of Phoenix , Ariz. , to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio , and that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets , and from high loan-loss provisions . 
Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage . 
That was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage . 
`` Hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from U.S. companies and share it with their own companies , '' said Noel D. Matchett , a former staffer at the federal National Security Agency and now president of Information Security Inc. , Silver Spring , Md . 
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs . 
The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry-government trade group . 
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air . 
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder . 
They need only position themselves near a company 's satellite dish and wait . 
`` You can have a dozen competitors stealing your secrets at the same time , '' Mr. Matchett said , adding : `` It 's a pretty good bet they wo n't get caught . '' 
The only way to catch an electronic thief , he said , is to set him up with erroneous information . 
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said . 
By contrast , European firms will spend $ 150 million this year on electronic security , and are expected to spend $ 1 billion by 1992 . 
Already many foreign firms , especially banks , have their own cryptographers , conference speakers reported . 
Still , encrypting corporate communications is only a partial remedy . 
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n't be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies . 
Moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been `` erased '' from a computer 's memory . 
He said that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read . 
No personal computer , not even the one on a chief executive 's desk , is safe , this speaker noted . 
W. Mark Goode , president of Micronyx Inc. , a Richardson , Texas , firm that makes computer-security products , provided a new definition for Mikhail Gorbachev 's campaign for greater openness , known commonly as glasnost . 
Under Mr. Gorbachev , Mr. Goode said , the Soviets are openly stealing Western corporate communications . 
He cited the case of a Swiss oil trader who recently put out bids via telex for an oil tanker to pick up a cargo of crude in the Middle East . 
Among the responses the Swiss trader got was one from the Soviet national shipping company , which had n't been invited to submit a bid . 
The Soviets ' eavesdropping paid off , however , because they got the contract . 
The University of Toronto stepped deeper into the contest for Connaught BioSciences Inc. by reaching an unusual agreement with Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp . 
The University said the two companies agreed to spend 25 million Canadian dollars -LRB- $ 21.3 million -RRB- over 10 years on research at Canadian universities if they are successful in acquiring the vaccine maker . 
It said $ 10 million would go to the University of Toronto . 
Ciba-Geigy and Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught , and Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million . 
The University is seeking an injunction against the Merieux bid , arguing that Connaught 's predecessor company agreed in 1972 that Connaught 's ownership would n't be transferred to foreigners . 
The university implied that it would drop its opposition to foreign ownership if Ciba-Geigy and Chiron are successful with their lower bid . 
It said the new agreement would `` replace '' the old one that forms the basis of its suit against the Merieux takeover . 
`` Notwithstanding foreign ownership of Connaught , this accord would enhance research and development in Canada , '' said James Keffer , the university 's vice president of research . 
Ciba-Geigy is a Swiss pharmaceutical company and Chiron is based in Emeryville , Calif . 
In a statement , Jacques-Francois Martin , director general of Merieux , said the French company is still determined to acquire Connaught . 
While he did n't comment directly on the pact between Ciba-Geigy and the university , he said Merieux can transfer new products and technologies to Connaught more rapidly than other companies `` not currently producing and marketing vaccines -LCB- who -RCB- can only promise this for some ... years in the future . '' 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Connaught closed at $ 28.625 , up $ 1.25 . 
Microsoft and other software stocks surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks to its biggest advance of the year on breathtaking volume . 
Leading the pack , Microsoft soared 3 3\/4 , or 4 % , to a record price of 84 1\/4 on 1.2 million shares . 
On the other hand , Valley National tumbled 24 % after reporting a sizable third-quarter loss . 
The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 . 
Its largest previous rise this year came Aug. 7 , when it gained 4.31 . 
The OTC market 's largest stocks soared as well , as the Nasdaq 100 Index jumped 10.01 , or 2 % , to 463.06 . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 5.04 , or 1.1 % , to 460.33 . 
By comparison , the Dow Jones Industrials and the New York Stock Exchange Composite each rose 1.5 % . 
Volume totaled 173.5 million shares , 30 % above this year 's average daily turnover on Nasdaq . 
Among broader Nasdaq industry groups , the utility index gained 18.11 to 761.38 . 
The transportation and insurance sectors each posted gains of 8.59 , with the transports finishing at 486.74 and the insurers at 537.91 . 
The Nasdaq industrial index climbed 8.17 to 458.52 , and the `` other finance '' index , made up of commercial banks and real estate and brokerage firms , rose 3.97 to 545.96 . 
The index of smaller banks improved 1.97 . 
Of the 4,346 issues that changed hands , 1,435 rose and 629 fell . 
Jeremiah Mullins , head of OTC trading at Dean Witter Reynolds , said both institutional and retail investors were buying . 
But there was a dearth of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to entice them . 
`` There 's no pressure on OTC stocks at this point , '' said Mr. Mullins , who said some buyers are beginning to shop among smaller OTC issues . 
Microsoft 's surge followed a report this week of substantially improved earnings for its first quarter , ended Sept. 30 . 
The stock was trading at 69 just two weeks ago . 
Rick Sherlund , a Goldman Sachs analyst , has raised his earnings estimates for the company twice in the past two weeks , citing improved margins . 
After the earnings were announced , he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $ 3.80 and $ 4 a share . 
Microsoft earned $ 3.03 a share in fiscal 1989 . 
Among other software issues , Autodesk jumped 1 1\/4 to 42 , Lotus Development was unchanged at 32 1\/2 , Novell jumped 7\/8 to 30 3\/4 , Ashton-Tate gained 1\/4 to 10 5\/8 , and Oracle Systems rose 3\/4 to 25 3\/4 . 
Caere , a new software issue , surged from its offering price of 12 to close at 16 1\/8 . 
The company also makes optical character recognition equipment . 
Caere was underwritten by Alex . Brown & Sons . 
Another recently offered Alex . Brown issue , Rally 's , surged 3 1\/8 to 23 . 
The operator of fast-food restaurants , whose shares began trading last Friday , climbed 3 1\/8 to 23 on 944,000 shares . 
Its 1.7 million-share offering was priced at 15 . 
Valley National 's slide of 5 3\/4 points to 18 1\/2 on 4.2 million shares followed its report late Wednesday of a $ 72.2 million third-quarter loss . 
In the 1988 quarter , the Phoenix , Ariz. , commercial banking concern earned $ 18.7 million . 
Valley National said its $ 110 million provision for credit losses and $ 11 million provision for other real estate owned is related to weakness in the Arizona real estate market . 
Additionally , Moody 's Investors Service said it downgraded Valley National 's senior debt and confirmed the company 's commercial paper rating of `` not prime . '' 
A new issue , Exabyte , surged 2 1\/8 from its initial offering price to close at 12 1\/8 . 
The offering was for about 2.8 million shares of the data storage equipment maker ; more than 2.2 million shares changed hands after trading began . 
Dell Computer dropped 7\/8 to 6 . 
The company said earnings for the year ending Jan. 28 , 1990 , are expected to be 25 to 35 cents a share , compared with a previous estimate of 50 to 60 cents a share . 
Nutmeg Industries lost 1 3\/4 to 14 . 
Raymond James & Associates in St. Petersburg , Fla. , lowered its third-quarter earnings estimate for the company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
A.P. Green Industries advanced 1 5\/8 to 36 1\/8 . 
East Rock Partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said A.P. Green , a refractory products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale . 
Row 21 of Section 9 of the Upper Reserved at Candlestick Park is a lofty perch , only a few steps from the very top of the stands . 
From my orange seat , I looked over the first-base line and the new-mown ball field in the warm sun of the last few minutes before what was to have been the third game of the World Series . 
It was five in the afternoon , but that was Pacific time . 
Back in New York the work day was already over , so I did n't have to feel guilty . 
Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons . 
This ballpark , the Stick , was not a classic baseball stadium -- too symmetrical , too much bald concrete . 
And it did n't have the crowded wild intimacy of Yankee Stadium . 
But I liked the easy friendliness of the people around me , liked it that they 'd brought their children , found it charming that , true citizens of the state of the future , they had brought so many TVs and radios to stay in touch with electroreality at a live event . 
Maybe it was their peculiar sense of history . 
The broadcasters were , after all , documenting the game , ratifying its occurrence for millions outside the Stick . 
Why not watch or hear your experience historicized while you were living it ? 
The day was saturated with the weight of its own impending history . 
Long lines of people waited to buy special souvenir World Series postcards with official postmarks . 
Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its historical essays on Series trivia , its historical photographs of great moments in Series past , and its instructions , in English and Spanish , for filling in the scorecard . 
Pitcher = lanzador . 
Homerun = jonron . 
Players ran out on the field way below , and the stands began to reverberate . 
It must be a local custom , I thought , stamping feet to welcome the team . 
But then the noise turned into a roar . 
And no one was shouting . 
No one around me was saying anything . 
Because we all were busy riding a wave . 
Sixty thousand surfers atop a concrete wall , waiting for the wipeout . 
Only at the moment of maximum roll did I grasp what was going on . 
Then I remembered the quake of '71 , which I experienced in Santa Barbara in a second-story motel room . 
When the swaying of the building woke me up , I reasoned that a -RRB- I was in Southern California ; b -RRB- the bed was moving ; c -RRB- it must be a Magic Fingers bed that had short-circuited . 
Then I noticed the overhead light was swaying on its cord and realized what had happened . 
What should I do ? 
Get out of the possibly collapsing building to the parking lot . 
But the lot might split into crevasses , so I had better stand on my car , which probably was wider than the average crevasse . 
Fortunately , the quake was over before I managed to run out and stand naked on the hood . 
At the Stick , while the world shook , I thought of that morning and then it struck me that this time was different . 
If I survived , I would have achieved every journalist 's highest wish . 
I was an eyewitness of the most newsworthy event on the planet at that moment . 
What was my angle ? 
How would I file ? 
All these thoughts raced through my head in the 15 seconds of the earthquake 's actual duration . 
The rest is , of course , history . 
The Stick did n't fall . 
The real tragedies occurred elsewhere , as we soon found out . 
But for a few minutes there , relief abounded . 
A young mother found her boy , who had been out buying a hotdog . 
The wall behind me was slightly deformed , but the center had held . 
And most of us waited for a while for the game to start . 
Then we began to file out , to wait safely on terra firma for the opening pitch . 
It was during the quiet exodus down the pristine concrete ramps of the Stick that I really understood the point of all those Walkmen and Watchmen . 
The crowd moved in clumps , clumps magnetized around an electronic nucleus . 
In this way , while the Stick itself was blacked out , we kept up to date on events . 
Within 15 minutes of the quake itself , I was able to see pictures of the collapsed section of the Bay Bridge . 
Increasingly accurate estimates of the severity of the quake became available before I got to my car . 
And by then , expensive automobile sound systems were keeping the gridlocked parking lot by the bay informed about the fire causing the big black plume of smoke we saw on the northern horizon . 
Darkness fell . 
But the broadcasts continued through the blacked-out night , with pictures of the sandwiched highway ganglion in Oakland and firefighting in the Marina district . 
By then , our little sand village of cars had been linked with a global village of listeners and viewers . 
Everyone at the Stick that day had started out as a spectator and ended up as a participant . 
In fact , the entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience . 
The reporters were victims and some of the victims turned into unofficial reporters . 
The outstanding example of this was the motorist on the Bay Bridge who had the presence of mind to take out a video camera at the absolutely crucial moment and record the car in front as it fell into the gap in the roadway . 
The tape was on tv before the night was out . 
Marshall McLuhan , you should have been there at that hour . 
Investors who received Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's latest stock commentary may be left with blank expressions . 
The first 10 pages of the 76-page Weekly Portfolio Perspective are completely blank , except for the page numbers . 
Rather than printing devils , Shearson puts all the blame on the unpredictable stock market . 
The plunge made Shearson 's market commentary instantly out of date . 
In fact , last Friday 's 190.58-point tumble in the stock market caught many people and businesses by surprise , not the least of them brokerage firms such as Shearson that print their weekly market commentaries on Fridays for dissemination the following week . 
Shearson , a 62%-owned unit of American Express Co. , did n't have enough time to update its market commentary so , `` We decided to kill our strategy pieces , '' says Jack Rivkin , the head of Shearson 's research department . 
The first thought some investors had was that a red-faced Shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary , and that 's why it purged its pages . 
Investors recalled that Shearson last week had been advising that `` the market is still exhibiting all the signs of a further advance . '' 
Many other brokerage firms had similarly bullish views . 
But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish . 
Instead , he says , `` they were cautious , and that was n't the message we wanted to deliver '' on Monday . 
As Mr. Rivkin explains it , `` We were raising some caution flags about rate rises in Europe and concerns about the LBO market . 
And by late Friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take . 
With the market down , we wanted to tell people to put their orders in on the opening . '' 
Both before and after the Friday plunge , Shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio weighting of 65 % stocks , 20 % bonds and 15 % cash . 
Sheldon B. Lubar , chairman of Lubar & Co. , and John L. Murray , chairman of Universal Foods Corp. , were elected to the board of this engine maker . 
They succeed Robert W. Kasten and John R. Parker , who reached the mandatory retirement age . 
China 's slide toward recession is beginning to look like a free fall . 
In a report on China 's foundering economy , the official State Statistical Bureau disclosed that industrial output last month rose 0.9 % from a year earlier - the lowest growth rate in a decade for September . 
Retail sales are plummeting , while consumer prices still are rising . 
Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation : low growth and high inflation . 
`` The economy is crashing hard , '' says an Asian economist in Beijing . 
`` The slowdown is taking hold a lot more quickly and devastatingly than anyone had expected . '' 
A lengthy recession , if it materializes , would drain state coffers and create severe hardships for urban workers . 
Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth , rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit . 
Unless the government suddenly reverses course , wages for most workers wo n't keep pace with inflation , creating a potential source of urban unrest . 
The economy 's slowdown is due only partly to the austerity program launched in September 1988 to cool an overheated economy and tame inflation . 
-LRB- Industrial output surged 21 % in 1988 , while inflation peaked last February at nearly 30 % . -RRB- 
The slowdown also results from chronic energy and raw-materials shortages that force many factories to restrict operations to two or three days a week . 
In Western , market-driven countries , recessions often have a bright side : prodding the economy to greater efficiency . 
In China , however , there is n't likely to be any silver lining because the economy remains guided primarily by the state . 
Instead , China is likely to shell out ever-greater subsidies to its coddled state-run enterprises , which ate up $ 18 billion in bailouts last year . 
Nor are any of these inefficient monoliths likely to be allowed to go bankrupt . 
Rather , the brunt of the slowdown will be felt in the fast-growing private and semi-private `` township '' enterprises , which have fallen into disfavor as China 's leaders re-emphasize an orthodox Marxist preference for public ownership . 
`` When the going gets rough , China penalizes the efficient and rewards the incompetent , '' says a Western economist . 
Reports of an economy near recession come as officials prepare a major Communist Party plenum for sometime in the next few weeks . 
The meeting is expected to call for heightened austerity for two years . 
But with industrial growth stagnant and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures to pump new life into the economy . 
Some analysts believe China soon will begin relaxing economic controls , particularly by loosening credit . 
That would benefit Chinese enterprises as well as Sino-foreign joint ventures , both of which have been plagued by shortages of working capital . 
A dangerous buildup this year of billions of dollars in inter-company debts threatens , if unchecked , to bring the economy to a collapse . 
One sign of a possible easing of credit policy was the decision this week of People 's Bank of China , the central bank , to allocate $ 5.4 billion in short-term loans to pay farmers for the autumn harvest , the official China Daily reported . 
But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation . 
The cycle has been repeated several times since China began reforming its planned economy in 1979 . 
And , because China 's leaders have abandoned plans to drastically reform the economy , it is likely to continue , analysts say . 
The statistical bureau 's report , cited in China Daily , notes that industrial output in September totaled $ 29.4 billion , a rise of just 0.9 % from a year earlier . 
Output declined in several provinces , including Jiangsu and Zhejiang , two key coastal areas , and Sichuan , the nation 's agricultural breadbasket . 
Production in Shanghai , China 's industrial powerhouse and the largest source of tax revenue for the central government , fell 1.8 % for the month . 
Nationwide , output of light industrial products declined 1.8 % -- `` the first decline in 10 years , '' a bureau spokesman told China Daily . 
In an unusually direct statement , the bureau spokesman recommended that state banks extend more credit to shopkeepers so that they can purchase manufacturers ' goods . 
`` This will prevent a slide in industrial production , which will otherwise cause new panic buyings , '' the spokesman said . 
The 1986 tax overhaul , the biggest achievement of President Reagan 's second term , is beginning to fall apart , and interest groups are lining up for tax goodies all over Capitol Hill . 
Real-estate executives are lobbying to ease anti-tax-shelter rules . 
Charitable groups are trying to reinstate the write-off for contributions made by individuals who do n't itemize their deductions . 
Big auction houses want to make collectibles eligible for lower capital-gains taxes . 
And heavy-industry lobbyists are quietly discussing the possibility of reinstating the investment tax credit . 
`` Everything is up for grabs , '' says Theodore Groom , a lobbyist for mutual life-insurance companies . 
Adds Robert Juliano , the head lobbyist for a variety of interests that want to protect the tax deduction for travel and entertainment expenses : `` It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again . '' 
The catalyst has been the congressional move to restore preferential tax treatment for capital gains , an effort that is likely to succeed in this Congress . 
Other fundamental `` reforms '' of the 1986 act have been threatened as well . 
The House seriously considered raising the top tax rate paid by individuals with the highest incomes . 
The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years . 
As part of the same bill , the finance panel also voted in favor of billions of dollars in narrow tax breaks for individuals and corporations , in what committee member Sen. David Pryor -LRB- D. , Ark . -RRB- calls a `` feeding frenzy '' of special-interest legislating . 
The beneficiaries would range from pineapple growers to rich grandparents to tuxedo-rental shops . 
To be sure , the full Senate , facing a fast-approaching budget deadline , last Friday stripped away all of the tax breaks that were contained in the Finance Committee bill . 
But lawmakers of both parties agree that the streamlining was temporary . 
Other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts , including both the capital-gains and IRA provisions . 
`` There is n't any doubt that the thread of the '86 code has been given a mighty tug , '' says Rep. Thomas Downey -LRB- D. , N.Y . -RRB- . 
`` You 'll see the annual unraveling of it . '' 
`` It 's back to tax-give-away time for the select few , '' says Rep. William Gray of Pennsylvania , the third-ranking Democrat in the House . 
Referring to the chairmen of the Senate and House tax-writing committees , he adds , `` Next year , every special-interest group is going to be there knocking on Lloyd Bentsen 's door , on Danny Rostenkowski 's door . '' 
Many groups are n't waiting that long . 
Just last week , a House Ways and Means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting to hear the pleas of individual cities , companies and interest groups who want to open their own special loopholes . 
`` It 's a Swiss-cheese factory and the cheese smells pretty good , '' commented one veteran lobbyist who was watching the proceedings . 
Even lobbyists for heavy industry , one of the interests hit hardest in the 1986 bill , are encouraged . 
The return of pro-investment tax breaks such as those for capital gains and IRAs `` creates more of a mood or a mindset that is helpful for getting better depreciation -LRB- write-offs -RRB- or investment credits , '' says Paul Huard , a vice president for the National Association of Manufacturers . 
Corporate lobbyist Charls Walker is planning a spring conference to discuss what tax changes to make to improve `` competitiveness . '' 
In reaction to proposed capital-gains legislation , groups are lobbying to make sure they are n't left off the gravy train . 
Real-estate interests , for example , are protesting an omission in President Bush 's capital-gains proposal : It does n't include real-estate gains . 
`` If there is going to be a tax scheme that contemplates lower treatment of capital gains , they certainly want to be part of it , '' says real-estate lobbyist Wayne Thevenot of Concord Associates . 
In the House-passed tax bill , Mr. Thevenot got his wish ; real-estate assets are included in the capital-gains provision . 
But Sotheby 's , Christie 's and the National Association of Antique Dealers are still trying to get theirs . 
They have sent a letter to congressional tax-writers asking that gains from the sale of collectibles also be given preferential treatment . 
`` Collectibles should continue to be recognized as capital assets , '' the letter states . 
All of this talk is antithetical to the Tax Reform Act of 1986 . 
In exchange for dramatically lower tax rates , the framers of that legislation sought to eliminate most of the exemptions , deductions and credits that gave some taxpayers an advantage over others . 
The goal was to tax people with roughly equivalent incomes equally , and to eliminate the many shelters that allowed the wealthy to escape taxes . 
Two of the major ways that tax-writers managed to attain these ends were to scrap the preferential treatment of capital gains and to curtail the use of paper losses , also known as passive losses , that made many tax shelters possible . 
Many other tax benefits also were swept away . 
This year Congress , with prodding from President Bush , has been busy trying to put many of these same tax preferences back into the code . 
It appears likely that , this year or next , some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration will be enacted . 
Other tax benefits probably will be restored and created . 
The main obstacle is finding a way to pay for them . 
`` The '86 act was a fluke . 
They wanted reform and they got a revolution , '' says overhaul advocate Rep. Willis Gradison -LRB- R. , Ohio -RRB- . 
So , is the tax code now open game again ? 
Mr. Juliano thinks so . 
One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser and then to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School . 
`` I 'm too old to waste a weekend , but that 's what I did , '' the 48-year-old Mr. Juliano moans . 
`` These days , anything can happen . 
Lufthansa AG said passenger volume climbed 5.2 % for the first nine months of 1989 to 15.3 million passengers from 14.5 million passengers in the year-earlier period . 
The West German national air carrier said cargo volume jumped 12 % to 638,000 metric tons from 569,000 tons a year ago . 
Load factor , or percentage of seats filled , climbed to 67.1 % from 66.6 % , even though the number of flights rose 6.9 % to 215,845 in the first-three quarters . 
From January through September , the distance flown by Lufthansa airplanes rose 5.6 % to 266.2 million kilometers from a year earlier , the company added . 
Raymond Chandler , in a 1950 letter defending a weak Hemingway book , likened a champion writer to a baseball pitcher . 
When the champ has lost his stuff , the great mystery novelist wrote , `` when he can no longer throw the high hard one , he throws his heart instead . 
He throws something . 
He does n't just walk off the mound and weep . '' 
Chandler might have been predicting the course of his own career . 
His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe , the inferior `` Playback '' -LRB- 1958 -RRB- , at times read almost like a parody of his previous work . 
When he died in 1959 , Chandler left behind four chapters of yet another Marlowe book , `` The Poodle Springs Story , '' which seemed to go beyond parody into something like burlesque . 
`` Champ '' Chandler 's last pitch , apparently , was a screwball . 
Now Robert Parker , author of several best sellers featuring Spenser , a contemporary private eye in the Marlowe mold , has with the blessings of the Chandler estate been hired to complete `` The Poodle Springs Story . '' 
The result , `` Poodle Springs '' -LRB- Putnam 's , 288 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- is an entertaining , easy to read and fairly graceful extension of the Marlowe chronicle , full of hard-boiled wisecracks and California color . 
If it does not quite have Chandler 's special magic -- well , at the end , neither did Chandler . 
As the book begins , a newly wed Marlowe roars into the desert resort of Poodle -LRB- a.k.a . Palm -RRB- Springs at the wheel of a Cadillac Fleetwood . 
His bride is the rich and beautiful Linda Loring , a character who also appeared in Chandler 's `` The Long Goodbye '' and `` Playback . '' 
Philip and Linda move into her mansion and ca n't keep their hands off each other , even in front of the Hawaiian\/Japanese houseman . 
But the lovebirds have a conflict . 
He wants to continue being a low-paid private eye , and she wants him to live off the million dollars she 's settled on him . 
That 's Chandler 's setup . 
Mr. Parker spins it into a pretty satisfying tale involving Poodle Springs high life , Hollywood low life and various folk who hang their hats in both worlds . 
The supporting lineup is solid , the patter is amusing and there 's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls , the `` good cop '' of previous Chandler books who still does n't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes . 
The style throughout bears a strong resemblance to Chandler 's prose at its most pared down . 
All told , Mr. Parker does a better job of making a novel out of this abandoned fragment than anyone might have had a right to expect . 
But there are grounds for complaint . 
At one point , the reader is two steps ahead of Marlowe in catching on to a double identity scam -- and Marlowe is supposed to be the pro . 
More bothersome , there are several apparent anachronisms . 
Contact lenses , tank tops , prostitutes openly working the streets of Hollywood and the Tequila Sunrise cocktail all seem out of place in the 1950s . 
A little more care in re-creating Marlowe 's universe would have made the book that much more enjoyable . 
Mr. Nolan is a contributing editor at Los Angeles Magazine . 
Ko Shioya spent eight years as the editor in chief of the Japanese edition of Reader 's Digest . 
`` Japan has been a major importer of foreign information and news , '' says Mr. Shioya . 
`` But one gets fed up with importing information and news . '' 
Mr. Shioya has turned the tables . 
Today , he is publisher of Business Tokyo magazine , the first English-language business magazine devoted to coverage of Japanese business . 
After a slick redesign , the two-year-old magazine has been relaunched this month by its parent company , Keizaikai Corp. , the Tokyo-based company with interests that include financial services , book publishing and a tourist agency . 
Printed in the U.S. and carrying the line `` The Insider 's Japan , '' Business Tokyo 's October cover story was `` The World 's No. 1 Customer '' -- Japanese women . 
Keizaikai is one of a small but growing band of Japanese companies taking their first steps into American publishing , after making major investments in entertainment , real estate and banking companies here . 
Japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers to study the U.S. market , including the New York-based investment banker Veronis , Suhler & Associates . 
And they are quietly linking up with U.S. publishing trade groups . 
`` Japanese publishers want to be introduced to the publishing and information industries , '' said John Veronis , chairman of Veronis Suhler . 
While there are n't any major deals in the works currently on the scale of Sony Corp. 's recent $ 3.4 billion agreement to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , observers do n't rule out a transaction of that size . 
`` The Japanese take the long view . '' said Mr. Veronis . 
`` It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , '' he said . 
In recent months , three big Tokyo-based publishing concerns -- including Nikkei Business Publications , Nikkei Home -LRB- no relation -RRB- , and Magazine House -- applied for membership in Magazine Publishers of America , which represents almost all U.S. consumer magazines . 
Japanese involvement in American publishing has been so small to date that magazines such as Business Tokyo are considered groundbreakers . 
When Keizaikai launched Business Tokyo in 1987 , it appealed to a more multinational audience . 
The magazine was overhauled with the aid of American magazine design gurus Milton Glaser and Walter Bernard , and targets top-level U.S. executives with Japanese and American advertisers . 
American publishers appear more than ready to do some selling . 
Susumu Ohara , president of Nihon Keizai Shinbun America Inc. , publisher of the Japan Economic Journal , said he receives telephone calls weekly from media bankers on whether his parent company is interested in buying a U.S. consumer or business magazine . 
`` The Japanese are in the early stage right now , '' said Thomas Kenney , a onetime media adviser for First Boston Corp. who was recently appointed president of Reader 's Digest Association 's new Magazine Publishing Group . 
`` Before , they were interested in hard assets and they saw magazines as soft . 
Now they realize magazines are as much a franchise as Nabisco is a franchise . 
Bell Atlantic Corp. and Southern New England Telecommunications posted strong profit gains for the third quarter , while Nynex Corp. , Pacific Telesis Group and U S West Inc. reported earnings declines for the period . 
Rate settlements in Minnesota and Colorado depressed U S West 's third-quarter profit . 
Denver-based U S West said net income dropped 8.9 % , noting that the year-ago quarter included the sale of a building by its BetaWest Properties unit . 
Revenue dropped 4.3 % to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.4 billion , reflecting declines in its consumer-telephone sector , long-distance carrier business and diversified division . 
Revenue from business-telephone operations grew 3.3 % to $ 618.9 million from $ 599.4 million a year ago . 
New telephone lines posted healthy growth . 
Overall they increased 2.8 % to 12.1 million , putting U S West over the 12 million mark for the first time . 
Business lines increased 3.7 % to 3.3 million . 
`` On a truly comparable basis , we 've seen modest earnings growth this year from the operations of our company , '' said Jack MacAllister , chairman and chief executive officer . 
`` The major negative factor was the cumulative impact of regulatory activity over the past two years . '' 
He said the company expects to be `` on target '' with analysts ' projections by year end but conceded that the fourth quarter represents `` a significant challenge . '' 
Expenses in the quarter dropped 11.2 % to $ 664.3 million from $ 747.7 million a year ago . 
Yesterday , U S West shares rose 75 cents to close at $ 71.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Philadelphia-based Bell Atlantic said net rose 6.5 % , aided by strong growth in the network-services business and an increase in the number of new telephone lines . 
Revenue jumped 5.6 % to $ 2.9 billion from $ 2.8 billion in the year-ago quarter . 
Revenue from financial and real-estate services jumped 23 % to $ 177.4 million from $ 144.1 million a year ago . 
Network-access revenue from long-distance telephone companies increased 6.4 % to $ 618.6 million . 
Bell Atlantic added 148,000 new telephone lines in the quarter for a total of 16.9 million . 
The company said per-share earnings were slightly reduced by the sale of 4.1 million shares of treasury stock to the company 's newly formed Employee Stock Ownership Plans . 
In composite trading on the Big Board , Bell Atlantic closed at $ 100.625 , up $ 1.50 a share . 
At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees , lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs . 
State and local taxes increased to $ 131.3 million from $ 99.1 million a year ago . 
Nynex said expenses rose 4.5 % to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.61 billion , a $ 119 million increase . 
Most of the higher costs were associated with acquisitions and growth in nonregulated business units , it added . 
`` Our net income is n't where we would want it to be at this point , '' said William C. Ferguson , chairman and chief executive officer . 
`` This deviation from our past growth patterns is caused largely by lower earnings at New York Telephone . '' 
Mr. Ferguson said a continued softness in New York City area 's economy and increased competition , particularly in the private-line market , took a heavy toll on earnings . 
The three-month-old strike at Nynex seriously hurt the installation of new telephone lines in the quarter . 
Nynex said access lines in service at the end of the quarter were off 18,000 from the previous quarter , which reported an increase of 160,000 new access lines . 
Revenue rose to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.18 billion , mostly from acquisition of AGS Computers and robust non-regulated businesses . 
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Nynex common closed at $ 81.125 , up $ 1.625 . 
Southern New England Telecommunications , which bolstered its marketing efforts for telephone and non-telephone subsidiaries , reported that net increased 8.1 % . 
Walter H. Monteith Jr. , SNET chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` Innovative marketing of our products and services contributed to increase revenue . '' 
Revenue and sales increased 7.5 % to $ 423.9 million from $ 394.4 million a year earlier . 
Yellow pages advertising sales rose 11.8 % to $ 41.2 million . 
Cost and expenses for the quarter , excluding interest , increased 6.1 % to $ 333.3 million from $ 314 million the year before . 
SNET common rose $ 1.25 to $ 85.50 a share yesterday in composite trading on the Big Board . 
San Francisco-based Pacific Telesis said net declined 12.6 % , primarily because of regulatory action . 
Revenue was about flat at $ 2.4 billion . 
Revenue was reduced $ 33 million by three extraordinary items : a California Public Utilities Commission refund for an American Telephone & Telegraph Co. billing adjustment ; a provision for productivity sharing to be paid to customers in 1990 and a one-time accrual for a toll settlement with long-distance telephone companies . 
Excluding the one-time charges , the company would have posted earnings of $ 298 million , or 73 cents a share . 
The company also was hurt by a $ 289 million rate reduction that went into effect in 1989 . 
`` This is a good quarter for us in terms of our business fundamentals , '' said Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Pacific Telesis said new telephone lines increased 4.5 % for a total of about $ 13.5 million for the quarter ; toll calls increased 9.6 % to 807 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion . 
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Pacific Telesis common closed at $ 45.50 , up 87.5 cents . 
a - Includes a one-time gain of $ 88.7 million from a commonstock sale by U S West 's U S West New Vector Group . 
b - Includes a $ 41.3 million gain on the sale of FiberCom . 
Amoco Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 39 % to $ 336 million , or 65 cents a share , as gasoline refining and marketing profits lagged substantially behind last year 's record level . 
A charge of $ 80 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results . 
A spokesman said Amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single clean-up project was responsible . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the Chicago-based oil company earned $ 552 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 12 % to $ 6.6 billion from $ 5.91 billion . 
Aside from the special charge , Amoco 's results were in line with Wall Street estimates . 
The company 's stock ended at $ 48.375 , up 25 cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Amoco is the first major oil company to report third-quarter results . 
Analysts expect others to show a similar pattern . 
Generally in the quarter , overproduction of gasoline and higher crude oil prices pressured profitability . 
The industry 's chemical profits also declined because excess capacity has depressed prices . 
Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter , some industry officials say , but they believe chemical margins could worsen . 
American Petrofina Inc. , a Dallas-based integrated oil company , yesterday said its third-quarter earnings declined by more than half . 
Fina blamed lower chemical prices , reduced gasoline margins and refinery maintenance shutdowns . 
It said net income dropped to $ 15.1 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 35.2 million , or $ 2.66 a share . 
Sales rose 2.2 % to $ 711.9 million from $ 696.1 million . 
Amoco 's refining and marketing profit in the quarter fell to $ 134 million from $ 319 million . 
Chemical earnings declined by one-third to $ 120 million last year 's robust levels . 
Amoco 's domestic oil and natural gas operations recorded a profit of $ 104 million in the quarter compared with a loss of $ 5 million , `` primarily on the strength of higher crude oil prices , '' said Chairman Richard M. Morrow . 
Amoco also sharply boosted natural-gas output , part of it from properties acquired from Tenneco Inc. last year . 
But foreign exploration and production earnings fell sharply , to $ 12 million from $ 95 million . 
Higher oil prices were n't enough to offset a roughly $ 20 million charge related to a 10 % reduction in Amoco 's Canadian work force as well as increased exploration expenses . 
For the nine months , Amoco said that net income fell to $ 1.29 billion from $ 1.69 billion but if unusual items are excluded , operations produced essentially flat results . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 19.93 billion from $ 17.73 billion . 
James F. Gero , former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members . 
For retailers , Christmas , not Halloween , promises to be this year 's spookiest season . 
Many retailers fear a price war will erupt if cash-strapped companies such as Campeau Corp. slash tags to spur sales . 
Concerns about the stock market , doubts about the economy in general and rising competition from catalog companies also haunt store operators . 
`` Profits at Christmas could be under attack for every retailer , '' asserts Norman Abramson , president and chief operating officer of Clothestime Inc. , an off-price chain . 
Even if there is n't any widespread discounting , the outlook for industry profits is n't good . 
Management Horizons forecasts a 1.4 % profit decline for non-auto retailers this year , after annual drops that averaged 4.5 % in 1988 and 1987 . 
`` For the last two and a half years , retailing has been in a mild recession , '' says Carl Steidtmann , chief economist at the Columbus , Ohio , consulting firm . 
This year , many stores are entering the Christmas season in turmoil : Bonwit Teller and B. Altman parent L.J. Hooker Corp. is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code ; B.A.T Industries PLC 's healthy Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's chains are on the auction block ; Campeau 's Bloomingdale 's is also on the block . 
Industry observers expect a wide divergence in performance . 
Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc. , which should do well . 
`` There are going to be very clear winners and very clear losers , '' says Cynthia Turk , a Touche Ross & Co. retail consultant . 
Says Mr. Steidtmann : `` I 'm looking for a bi-polar Christmas . '' 
Economists expect general merchandise sales in the fourth quarter to rise 4.5 % to 6 % from year-ago figures . 
But Mr. Steidtmann predicts that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25 % to 30 % . 
Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8 % , he believes , as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy . 
Thin merchandise selections at the most troubled chains are also expected to hurt sales . 
Catalog companies are likely to p